The sanctions against the school were a punishing blow, and they seemed to what the efforts the school had made to change?
Sammy wanted to go to where the people were.  Where might he go?
To locate a choker not located in a jewelry box or boutique where would you go?
Google Maps and other highway and street GPS services have replaced what?
The fox walked from the city into the forest, what was it looking for?
What home entertainment equipment requires cable?
The only baggage the woman checked was a drawstring bag, where was she heading with it?
The forgotten leftovers had gotten quite old, he found it covered in mold in the back of his what?
What do people use to absorb extra ink from a fountain pen?
Where is a business restaurant likely to be located?
Where do you put your grapes just before checking out?
Before getting a divorce, what did the wife feel who was doing all the work?
Johnny sat on a bench and relaxed after doing a lot of work on his hobby.  Where is he?
James was cooling off two quickly.  He would die if he didn't find some way to stop what?
Of all the rooms in a house it was his favorite, the aromas always drew him to the what?
Bill is stuck in marsh when a man comes up to him peaking Cajun, where is he?
What is it called when you slowly cook using a grill?
What type of person typically contracts illness?
Where would you expect to find a pizzeria while shopping?
When eating everything on the tasting menu, what does one tend to feel?
What does playing soccer for a long time lead to?
Which entrance would you use if you do not want to use the back entrance?
You can share files with someone if you have a connection to a what?
The accelerator was controller via a hand throttle, and the foot pedals controlled the steering in the small what?
Sean was lying about the body, but he was very scared.  He constantly worried about what?
The drug kingpin told his man to run errands, this was code to go to all the dealers to do what they had?
Though he could've kept going his body appreciated the rest, it had been constantly what during the day?
Too many people want exotic snakes.  The demand is driving what to carry them?
Joe suffered many consequences from stabbing a stranger to death.   Among them, the family of the victim did something to him. What was that?
To prevent any glare during the big football game he made sure to clean the dust of his what?
I have something in my head I want to share, what ways can I do that?
He wanted a house that was gated off from other places, where should he start looking?
Where in Southern Europe would you find many canals?
What would a camper need to do before he or she can start cooking food?
What could happen to a paper if you leave it outside even if it does not move?
Mark's semen was very thick, but after his vasectomy it was also what?
What is a great place to lay in the sun?
Where would you find a seafood restaurant in the east coast of North America?
The president is the leader of what institution?
Sitting to close while watching TV can cause what sort of pain?
Where is a bald eagle safe?
The game promised it was free, but the child's parents soon found themselves doing what for microtransactions?
What kind of driving leads to accidents?
What is eating too much dinner likely to result in?
What is a person chatting with friends likely hoping to accomplish?
Jame's bare feet were burned as he walked, because the sunshine had made the surface hot.  Where might he have been?
A fox was thirsty searching for water during the drought, where was he?
What might be the result of a season of successful skiing?
The sensor would just the distance then set off an alarm, the installation expert explained it was called a what kind of sensor?
The man was eating lunch, but rushed when he looked at his watch, why did he rush?
The evacuation became mandatory, so what came on the TV?
The person gave a good hands on what to show how to do the work?
Where would you see some people doing jumping jacks?
The body guard was good at his duties, he made the person who hired him what?
Learning languages is difficult.  Even in a full immersion environment you're likely to make mistakes, mistakes will cause misinterpretation, which will be uncomfortable, which will cause what?,
Jim enjoyed killing people, but he did it too often and the cops found out.  What might the cops do to him?
Where is there usually a fiddle playing?
What is the only was to recover from exhaustion?
What would you do if you want to be able to earn money?
What is a grumpy person likely to have?
What do drugs do?
A beaver can destroy a machines functionality if they build their dam in this?
They decided to hash things out over drinks, after enough booze they were able to get close on a few things and what?
Where could a fungus grow and not be disturbed by sunlight?
Can you name a good reason for attending school?
What state south of Kentucky and north of Alabama will you find people playing the fiddle?
Though she made the cut years ago, its figurative scars would never what?
What does sex often make happen in people?
Where would you see people in uniform playing with a ball?
What kind of place could have a seafood restaurant?
Who was the head of the branch yelling at?
He made another call, he did this all day hoping people would what well to his offer?
She needs to visit a bookshop after buying the latest fashion, where should she look?
Where could you see an advertisement while reading news?
What is required to be good at playing tennis?
What state is the John Davis  Lodge toll road found in?
The man went to clown college, he had always want to run away with the what?
Jamie wanted to reduce her waist size, but all of her efforts failed miserably.  She continued to do what?
James felt himself losing consciousness.  He was frightened.  He didn't want this.  He was scared of what?
If someone is aloof and self-important, what is their experience when meeting people?
He was receiving workman's compensation, he had tripped over a metal rod while building where?
John and James spent most of their time communicating with each other on their project.  The time required to communicate slowed their what?
When you play around with your dog they will have?
Where would a person keep a book while it's being read?
The student needed to  get some new pencils, where did he go?
She loved buying products, she was driven by her what to shop more than any practical needs?
How does getting paid feel?
The fat man refused to accept what was possible, he complained that he what the simplest activities?
Where can meat last a long time?
What group of musicians will include someone playing the cello?
Where do bees congregate with red flowerS?
What is someone who gets angry after getting drunk likely to participate in?
The teacher told all the students that listening was key, it was the main way they would gain what?
Stanley had a dream that was very vivid and scary. He had trouble telling it from what?
The city's community garden was demolished for yet another what?
WHat do cats get into when they are ripping things apart?
What is a good result of losing weight?
A person lived in my what?
The skin was cut while chopping onions, where was this skin likely cut?
What might you feel after doing housework for hours?
The accountant used a calculator regularly, he kept one at home and one at the what?
At the end of your meal what will a waiter do?
If you aren't glad, unhappy or gloomy, what illness may you have?
You can hear testimony of how spirituality changes lives when you do what?
It was a great rest, she had never felt this much what in the morning?
Which region has the most famous temple?
Where would you find a bee gathering pollen?
Where would you put a folding chair if you do not plan to use it and you do not have any large doors in your house?
If you're speaking to a lawyer about getting a divorce, what relationship status are you trying to end?
How do geese normally get from place to place?
John was punching and punching at the wall but succeeded only in bloodying his knuckles. This was bad.  He would be unable to hold his tools if he injured what?
Though it stayed strictly indoors, the small dog felt like it had all the space in the world in the what?
WHat leads to someone's death when they are very depressed?
She was sick and staying in bed the day of the event, unfortunately this meant she was what?
Where would a lizard surprise a person?
They were getting together for the big game, he wasn't hosting but made sure to bring pretty of food with him over to where?
Who is likely yo have a caring heart?
I'm looking for alcohol and fried foods, any suggestions?
If I had a jar which was likely to spoil if left out, where would I want to put it?
Sam went to Paris where he ordered a blowfish at a sushi place.  Where was Sam?
What will happen to skin pinched in something?
Sally lost her kite because she wasn't careful.  She thought that there was more string on the spool, but it slipped out of her fingers when she reached the what?.
The man uses grooming before a job interview, what is he trying to portray?
Where would there be many people sitting in chair and listening to religious speech?
Where is a tabby cat likely to be happiest?
East coast areas such as Florida are found where?
To learn must have the right book, to work efficiently what must one have?
What is a mobile launching platform found in the ocean?
There weren't potatoes but actually a snake in his what?
What could listening to music cause you to be?
If you want to make a big splash in a river with a rock, from where should you throw it?
What is committing perjury likely to lead to?
The new play was the go to performance of the year, all the crowds would stand and what?
"There are 10 apples on an apple tree.  Three fall off.  Now there are X apples."  What is this an example of?
Where are people likely to find food?
What might a kid do with his friend before going to play?
What is a person who is well educated?
Ben was an alcoholic and was in an accident.  Because of his mistake, he spent 8 years somewhere. Where was he?
Where do you buy tickets at a ticket booth for games/
A soccer field that is not contained in a building would be where?
Letters are sometimes delivered by hand through one of these.
John came to see Sam and Sam kicked him out.  Sam didn't like company.  He prefered what?
If somebody likes temperatures cool, they might have more than one electric fan where?
Sky diving scared him, once they jumped out of the plane he began losing consciousness while what?
The president had to make a decision regarding the hate attack on his country, what did he do?
What's it called when you have seen something through an eyepiece?
He had done a great job with the scary decorations, they were completely what?
If you did well on the test, you might get an A as a what?
If you tell you boss your suffering from boredom they'll likely tell you to get back to what?
What is a good result of jogging?
What is done to wood to attach something to it?
Where is a fox likely to be caught?
Where do you put a new dining table?
Sometimes fighting inflation isn't even what, because it is so negligible?
What is likely to have more than one level in a city?
Where is likely to have a lot of fire extinguishers?
Where would someone learn to play an upright piano?
What is necessary for learning by yourself?
John and Jane were a couple.  They were dating for a while and wanted to be together for even longer. For this reason, they did what?
What emotion does getting paid lead to?
Who is likely going in to a market?
What is a characteristic of thin glass?
What do you get for not moving your car during the required time?
Bob's feet hurt from running barefoot on the hot pavement.  I lost his shoes, didn't know where they landed, and had to run from the corner store to his home.  About where did he run?
Where would you be able to hear a bassoon played in an unpleasing fashion?
John loved competing because he was very competitive.  He liked being about to divide people into what categories?
The game was on sale.  I got it then because it was usually what?
What could a massive building be if it is not constructed well?
Where could a printer be used by thousands of people?
What could prevent someone from buying chistmas presents?
What is the hope of playing sports without competition?
They moved out of the city to have a master bedroom, what kind of home did they seek?
What could you add a line to?
Joe bought a ficus.  He thought it would look good in what part of his home?
Sarah wanted to by a new rug.  Ink spilled onto her old one.  Really, she didn't know what that thing had an inkwell in the first place.  What piece of furniture might have been on her run?
When people discover something new while chatting with friends, why are they likely to continue talking?
How can one's views change after learning about science?
Traveling underwater has many dangers, such as low visibility causing what?
Where are people likely to stand at an intersection?
Janet knew she was dying from her injuries because she could feel herself doing what?
An expressway can suffer from traffic, this traffic gets worse the closer you get to any what?
Where are there more telephone booths?
John moved away from his family.  He was a bit upset that he had to do it, but he needed the job.  Still, he would have preferred it if the job were what?
James complained that Alexa's electric guitar was too loud and he couldn't get any work done at home,  so she decided that she should get an acoustic guitar.  Where might she look for one?
What can someone feeling happiness fall into?
How might a person address someone who is leaving?
What does a chef do when working in the evening?
What would happen to a person if his or her money is stolen?
The people in class were instructed to brainstorm ideas, how would they use their minds for this?
Someone lacking immortality will one day be?
After his mother saw his report card he knew he was going to be doing housework, what could have prevented this?
Glass that hasn't been treated to be extra strong is what?
If you've thrown a rod you've done damage to what?
What enables most people to transport themselves?
What do people in the same family often share?
What is an area with no grass where I can get things to sell at a roadside stand?
Where do kids find fish in their backyards?
Where must one wear a white shoe?
James chose to not to print the cards, because he wanted to be more personal. What type of cards did he choose, instead?
They checked the weather one more time during the flight, they were on their way to paradise and wanted it to what?
What are you hoping to achieve when talking to someone?
What place of work might you find a hairpin?
What can go on a football field?
What has a master of their craft done about that craft?
If your watching television and accomplish nothing what have you done?
He was in a cabin in the woods, through the window he saw a fox where?
The hippy wanted peace with all humans, he had strong what for them all?
He was a very sharp engineer, but when it came to the details his calculations could were often what?
In the middle of the day what will someone do because of being hungry?
John enjoyed his time visiting the museum.  He wanted to spend more time there, so that he could study the exhibits more.   He was a very academic person and loved doing what?
What will telling many people about an embarrassing situation lead to?
The electric motor powered many important things, including one if almost every house. Name this item?
Where can peanut butter be stored?
Where would you play a board game with your family?
James needed a garage because he spent a lot of money on what?
If I am a person, I have a unique ability to do what?
Two friends wanted to spend a quiet evening together, what did they go see?
If an animal is tired, what is it likely to do?
Where would you sit in a chair to watch four-legged animals complete?
If you were looking for a lemur where would you find it?
John ran out of pencils.  Where did  he go to get more?
When would you be able to see your reflection in a piece of wood?
What emotion do people expressing themselves show when they trip in front of a crowd and break their leg?
He waited for his friend at the squash court, but he was worried his friend thought he meant the at the other end of the public what?
When you plant a garden you can harvest what to eat?
Where is basketball court likely to be outdoors?
What could a balalaika be needed for?
What type of home is most likely to have an attic filled with historical items?
Jackson is a popular city name, but the one with a governor's office is where?
Where is microphone boom likely to be used to record an album?
What is the worst outcome of an injury?
How is someone who loves their TV likely to feel about their remote?
The man wanted to take a bus, but all the chars were full of people doing what?
Bob thought that his Pokemon cards were common and worthless, but he was wrong about them. They were really what?
A wife asks a husband to stop being married to her, what is he likely to feel even with friends?
The camper looked up at the vast night sky, it left him feeling mighty what?
Though nearby, an apple from an apple tree where would be an imported product to the USA?
The old man was retired and liked the simple things, he would do crossword puzzle every morning simply just to do what?
What would you change the learning process to be if someone does not like learning?
To properly instruct children attending school you would need a great deal of what?
If done correctly grooming pet's nails generally does not cause this?
The man was cleaning clothes for his date, what was he looking to achieve?
The person was looking up airline and hotel prices, what was he looking to do?
The person put on lotion, what did they want?
Eating breakfast in bed can make you feel what, assuming that you don't spill anything?
What would an adult man do to get ready for work?
The woman picked from an apple tree while surrounded by other trees, where was she?
Mom is tidying a house, where would she put the loose dictionary?
The judge did not take this part of the job lightly, the man was guilty but it was his passing sentence that condemned the man to what?
Simon bought a cow because he wanted to put it to work.   He didn't want any meat for it.  Where might Simon be taking the cow?
What would children do if they are bored?
Behind what small door are canned goods usually kept in?
While laid up in the hospital she tried remembering good times, like that massage on vacation that brought great what?
If I want to maximize my number of potential customers, where should I build a new department store?
Where is a good place to get a ball?
What common chemical reaction is often used as a heat source?
Where could you put a dollar that would make it hard to get out without breaking?
I'm at a restaurant ans want a glass of milk, how do I find out if they serve that?
What could contain no more than around 100 people?
John joined the army because he wanted to see the world.  When the fighting started, he only saw what sort of things?
where do children play a game?
What could happen after driving car that does not involve pain?
In what place could you find air that has been breathed by only a few people recently?
what happens to a company when it is bankrupt?
Blood isn't usually spilled during what sport that doesn't allow the use of hands?
The dog ran to the front window and barked, this is because of a presence at the what?
Where would you find a sign with some people lined up next to it?
Sometimes it felt like being able to pay bills was the only reason he was actively what?
John just made first violin.  This is  is a position on what?
Where can someone keep a digital file?
What appliance uses water and soap?
I am looking to buy honey right from an apiary, where should I go?
Where would someone likely bring an attache case?
i like to examine different things,why do books the chapters on the back
The whole family was playing cards, they were full of joy and what?
Jimmy wanted a beer but his wife was an alcoholic on probation.  Where might he go?
What country has with the capital of Amsterdam has a Fortis bank?
What building has a ot of glue bottles?
The king was to meet an ambassador, where would the meet?
Where do kids play with a ball that is concrete?
Diving off a cliff for a cartoon character often ends in comedic what?
Jimmy didn't like going to the party.  It seemed like the guys there did nothing but what?
Where does a person need to get when they have more kids?
Where would a special ficus be found?
James is apply for a job that he really wants. He knows that it will be a good fit and he has experience, but he doesn't have all the qualifications that they're asking for, so he's worried about what?
What is a sign that you might not be living soon?
Riding bike through rough terrain can be dangerous, one could find themselves what?
What would a document be if it is not obtuse?
For convenience some customers want things straight to the doorstep and use what?
What is a great, but non-specific, overall benefit of exercise?
Where does a spoon go on one side of a plate?
Where is a note likely to indicate a melody?
what can years of playing tennis lead to?
Where would you be going if using a parking lot near a roller coaster?
What does a virus primarily do to a person?
Where would you go if you didn't feel like baking a cake yourself?
Where are floors kept clean for holy purposes?
Where will a bullet projectile be found during a war?
What is a place that might not always have a queen?
What do you need to be to learn hard concepts?
Many addicts turn to exercise to deal with their addictions, this is because it is a healthy way to do what?
A night owl is what you'd head at sunset and you'd hear a what at sunrise?
What place is not interesting to children?
What do rich people like in terms of bagels?
A shop will give you what for your purchases?
Where is small knight likely to be found?
How can you get in shape if there is no land nearby?
What might a person receive from their boss if they do a poor job?
The cabinets were imported from the south. John bought they because he knew that they would look good.  Where might they be installed?
What might two people competing get into?
What are ai machines known for doing?
Bob and Boris were standing in a queue at the grocery store.  They were standing in place.  The line was fast, but the children in front of them were loud.   They were what?
A blowfish lives free. He lives on his own. Where does he live?
Where is a paper notice likely to be left on a house?
People are purposefully harming others, what trait are they exhibiting?
The child pounded his mitt in excitement while enjoying his first game in the bleachers where?
After eating a dinner of uncooked chicken, what was felt by the poor man?
The obsessive man was always washing hands, he had even done it so much once that it caused a what?
The person is laying on the beach, why would he do that?
The spoiled child's playroom was massive, but only one of many rooms in the what?
There's a lot to reproducing, but it begins and end with new life by giving what?
Where is known to always have snow?
What does someone want when having fun with their friends and trying to fit in?
The parents thought their children should learn teamwork, what were they signed up for?
If a human is sleepy what can they do to feel more alert?
What is a place that could have hundreds of sporting goods store?
The little girl was raised selfish, she didn't even care when she was doing what?
People want to explore space, so what should they use to do it?
Where might I find unusual varieties of roses?
Where would you put a light?
What can happen to you when eating hamburger from someone that you do not know that does not happen when you usually eat a hamburger?
When he touched the exposed wire he shouldn't have found it surprising that he got what?
If one sees a fox and is standing in a landlocked, southern state, where is this person?
The priest pushed for more orthodox behavior, what kind of behavior was he trying to stop?
When they got out of the car in the mountains he felt like he was breathing fresh air for the first time, he began to do what to enjoy it more?
The cow would come outside even after the storm had passed, it wouldn't leave the what?
Where would you get a contraceptive if you do not have one?
Where would a Martian find the Indian Ocean?
Where would a ficus plant brighten up a room?
The turkey needed to be kept from spoiling, what is useful in this situation?
Sam found a giant hole in the plain.  What might this hole be called?
If I have to keep track of how much oxygen there is, where am I?
The other passengers on the bus were quite loud, so he put on his headphones to relax and what?
The person knew the police were after him, so what did he do?
After going for run you have a sense of what?
If you are fiddling through a music book when you should be playing, you probably dont have?
In the movie a fragile man is causing accidents, his hope is to find a person opposite of him who is what?
Where would you get a bass clarinet to take home?
What will you need to do to decide whether to be seeing artifacts?
Mary wasn't familiar with James, so she wasn't comfortable speaking with him. How might she come off?
It was a vast complex, the launch pad was just one part of what?
An electronics store had things damaged from the rain, where should these things be stored?
A lonely man committed suicide, why would he do that?
What might someone want to be if he or she is thick?
He wore the wrong shoes while walking all day, now he has what on his heels and toes?
What would release energy, but not mainly in your muscles?
If I am suffering from boredom, and I want to do something with a dictionary, what would help?
What is made out of only one piece?
When he was a small child he called the giraffe mascot a cow, it was a fond memory of the now defunct what?
He had a hard time finding the room on his schedule, it was on the second floor and he got lost in the very large what?
Whether it's popped, grilled, or canned people like to what?
What happens to the conscience of someone who has been caught committing a murder?
Having a car in the city seemed to be more trouble than it was worth, the man still had to walk to and from the what after commuting?
What is likely to be the goal of telling many people about a new organization?
Where can the legs of a stool be built?
How might people perceive someone they are scared of?
Where would a ticket help you to get to a different country?
What happens when someone is playing too aggressively?
What are students trying to do?
Where do farmers keep toothpicks?
The detective had to analyse all the clues, every little thing at the scene he had to what?
A person with brown skin may share that skin with whom?
If I screw a chain ring onto something, what am I fixing?
Where would you put a dictionary while you're using it?
A common saying, Sam thought, was to go forth, also this.
Someone who is awake is likely to know what's going on because they are this?
Where would you find some swords in your house?
Bill did not abandon the fight, but did what to the enemy?
A shower is an expected amenity when you reserve a what?
What do humans do when in a race?
The garage had light sensors and automatic doors, what kind of house was it?
Where would you find people gathered near liquid in a workplace?
Where can you store you tent and keep it on your person?
What happens to people playing games?
Billy went away because his parents were fighting and he didn't want to stay where?
Where could you find a fox hunting when not in a forest?
Lindy was a senior.  He lived with his children because he didn't want to go where?
What could be happening near you if the ground is getting wet?
Where do most people keep magazines?
What cuisine is joked about eating small dogs?
Why might a person go to get counseling?
A water spout was seen in the ocean off the coast of what?
How can buildings like the Empire State building be described?
The rowdy frat boys shouted they would have fun and do what tonight?
What might someone do who is having fun?
what is the goal of going jogging?
John was stuck in his house.  He couldn't get out the door.  He was very frightened when the smoke detectors went off, but luckily it was a false alarm.  Why might he be stuck?
The master control for the Tardis is where in the main room?
The old barn was beyond repair, they had to destroy it before they could what a new one?
Where would one find a shopping bag for packing groceries?
The lady was getting worked up about the article explaining the uptick in accidents in their area, but her husband was dismissive of it stating that accidents what?
There was a show on television about a ranger who loved flowers, but the next day it was about a gardener who also loved flowers.  It was a what?
They wanted to eat at home but the cupboards were barren, so they had to go what?
How does a flea locomote?
Where are you likely to find a professional prostitute?
If I have a vintage, decorative light source in my possession, what is it likely to be?
What would you do if you have curiosity about something but cannot leave your house?
Sam was against Allison's decision.  Joe was the opposite.  What was Joe, regarding that decision?
Why would you not want to be working with wood?
He was good at traditional science but excelled at social science, his favorite subject was what?
A gentleman is very wealthy and flaunts it, where does he likely live?
Where could you find a bookstore?
John had a lot of respect for Jill, but not many other people did.  She faced a lot of what?
If you have trouble beginning work you're suffering from what?
Why is waiting for the doctor difficult for people who need to do work?
If you aren't experiencing curiosity and want to ensure viewing enjoyment, what may you watch?
The gambler had been winning a lot, he wisely decided to what?
What is a lover likely to want to do with their partner?
Where would you get a bag after someone fills it with clothes?
The sample needed to be pure, but the lab assistant got it what?
What treatment might an old time doctor have tried to accomplish with leeches?
What does a person looking for new things in life do?
Where would you put a handle if you want to bring it with you?
What do you need to have before buying products?
They were competing in basketball, the goal was to what?
What often happens after a long day of traveling?
while luck plays a big role, every person who is great at something has focus and what to it?
What happens when humans are exposed to noises?
What are you hoping to do when listening to an expert speak?
Where is a likely place to view an old copy machine?
What chore might a child have to do after breakfast, before getting on the bus?
A large container was a dime a dozen, there were hundreds of rows of them in the giant what?
The snake was a cottonmouth.  It was an American, from where?
What would you put furniture on top of?
Where can someone view a county highway as a line?
Which effect of stress could cause death if not treated immediately?
A person takes a seat to watch a movie, where is he?
You can read a magazine where while waiting for your transportation on rails to arrive?
The farmer chose plants he could make bird feed from and use of again the next year, he only planted what?
Where might you have cake with your ice cream?
James lived in the top of a tall tower.  He could see clouds when he looked out his window.  Where might he live?
The policemen wanted to clear the scene of the accident, so what did they do to traffic?
If you're betting with a shark, where are you likely playing?
If one sees a fox and is standing in a coastal, gulf state, where is this person?
A person writes a check to a clerk, where does the clerk put them?
Where would you find performers on a platform in public?
He was looking for the holiday decorations and found an old box of clothes up where?
Where might a yard be tiny?
What is love when everyone keeps feeling it?
A balloon or two is a staple at a what?
HOw do you carry potatos home?
Where are you likely to find a paper program?
Billy bounced the ball off the wall.  There was a target on the wall for him to bounce against.  Where might he be?
How can an artist commemorate a horse forever.
Where do almost all people live?
What is a living thing with a lip?
what do you do before going to party?
The color yellow is associated with the opposite of the characteristic, what is it?
What is another term for instituting civil action?
If they were celebrating the occasion, how could the occasion be described?
The delivery man was delivering a whole crate of shampoo, they went through a lot of it at the what?
The man needed balls of cotton, where should he look?
Where would I put a rosebush if I did not have any containers to store it in?
Where could you find some large pieces of paper that are not for sale?
James didn't know what to do.  He felt that he'd ruin his relationship with Jen if he took it further, and he didn't want to do that.  At the same time,  He fight that pushing farther might do what to something good?
What is important in a car when you are driving fast and come to a light?
Bob needs a level to hang a shelf but cant find one in his home. Where would he go to get one?
Why would professionals playing sports not be able to compete?
A musician is most likely to perform a concerto for clarinet with what type of group?
When a newborn's eyes open for the first time it will be the first time the ever?
Where in a town would you put your shed?
James's bouncing rubber balls were at rest, and so he could sleep.  He would get up in the morning, and then put them in what state again?
What would you normally expect a cat to say?
Where do people find bills with bread?
If you're traveling along a highway what item made of paper can you use to find your way?
When I was home, I was comfortable.  But I had a crippling fear of going where?
Where will a native lemur be found?
Where can you eat fruit on a red bridge?
Where in your entrance hall can you keep you head wear?
John's RV needs electricity so that he can cook lunch.  Where would he go to plug in?
Turkey is a nation in what part of the world?
What makes people happy when it is surprising and unexpected?
If I wanted to see a lizard in its natural habitat but I do not speak Spanish, where would I go?
What is not a safe way to transport jewelry on vacation?
Johnny and bill fought over money.  Johnny wanted it to be over.  What might he choose to do?
The man took 3 hours every morning for grooming, what is the likely result with his job?
Sarah opened his chest and found a second heart.  Her patient might not be what?
They launch a surprise attack, this ended the what?
What European country is famous for its potato industry?
Dancing for a long time will lead you to become what?
Where do most people keep their curling iron stored?
The shore was now a tourist attraction with nearby little shops, but at one time this what was home to a bustling fishing industry?
What is likely to happen to someone's speech after becoming inebriated?
What gets rid of a mundane routine?
What does a master carpenter use to put holes in objects?
When someone falls from a mountain it will lead them to?
Why is this person not listening to music?
David hurt all over. He was tired, he was shaking, and he was in pain.  He hadn't gotten what he needed in a long time.  He was suffering from what?
Where is a good place to buy moistener?
There was a saucepan used only for marinara, where was it kept?
If people are vegetarian, what do they do more of?
The movie had many a song and dance, it was a what?
Danny was having fun singing in front of his class.   He has a lot of what?
Where is a system of electronic devices likely to be used in school?
What do humans do when they want to reproduce?
After the guilty verdict in the killing the judge gave a speech, he told the murderer he was pure what?
Changing society using a violent conflict is know as a what?
After new coke was discontinued what formula was used?
Where is a monkey likely to be found in the rainforest?
The billionaire donated a large sum to his former college, this allowed them to construct a new science what?
What do humans take in while breathing?
Someone who doesn't care about about someone else and wishes them to fail has what feeling towards them?
What does reckless driving lead to on a person?
Many containers full of goods are unloaded where after their long sea journey
Where is a lion likely to live?
My favorite type of entertainment are rollercoasters and ferris wheels, where should I go?
Where is a ferret getting lots of attention likely to be found?
An attempt to confirm an applicant's reference would fail if the reference does what?
Everybody raised a drink and cheered, they were doing what?
What is someone watching a person who is playing guitar doing?
The animals weren't good at swimming, so it was hard for them to do what?
Where is a microphone boom likely to be covering a stock market event?
John is getting something important.  What does this make him feel?
James thought that giving the AI a secular upbringing would be the better choice.  He felt that the alternative might have results that were too what?
The new kitten hadn't gotten used to what it was allowed to climb on in most rooms, so the owned kept the bedroom door what?
What happens to cats every day?
He got a job dancing and waving an advertisement, he got to be outside instead of stuck inside the what?
What could you do if you want to listen to music?
Where do you keep a teakettle?
Where are seats most likely bleachers?
Where does someone lay with their leg elevated when it's broken?
What does a chicken do in a joke?
The disease was spreading fast, so what were researchers desperately seeking?
Where are you if your reading magazines while waiting for a vehicle on rails?
Dry and cracked heels are found on?
One way to relieve your hunger if you live near the coast is to do what?
He needed to check an electrical connection in the house, where did he look?
If an actor is said to be on the “silver screen" where would you see them perform?
He had an index card he had to return, so where did he put it after finding the book he needed?
The shelf was showing signs of instability, what should the carpenter fix to avoid any issues?
Jan went to the auditorium and listened to the speech. Where might he be?
What's the nickname of the monster the beauty loved?
Where do I put my coffee mug after it's dry?
Where are all participants likely to need sports equipment?
We were having a canned food drive and I needed to pick up some contributions, where did I go?
Where is a telephone booth likely to be red?
John is a human who is in a wheelchair due to an accident.  Where would he go to get to the third floor of his apartment building?
The mother finished wrapping the very last gift, she then placed it under the what?
The wheel was loose, and threatened to fall off when they were what?
What is someone unintentionally hurting someone else but unable to stop likely to feel?
One might find theirs open, with the letters that had been delivered stolen.
The man was playfully wrestling with a woman he was enamored with, what was the physiological result?
The teams were evenly matched when competing against one another, what did spectators want to find out?
Sally was a senior in the House.  What might she be a member of?
Where are a lot of offices in New York?
The small cabin was not available, so they were upgraded to what?
Johnny was looking for blowfish in places that weren't near America.  Where would he look?
John lives in Texas. If he takes the highway South and doesn't stop, where will he end up next?
He would finally see idea become reality, never in a million years did he what that this would happen?
A projector displayed people on the huge screen while the audience laughed.  What might they be watching?
Nowadays people have smart ones, but at one time it was cutting edge to have a tiny calculator on your what?
What happens when you take a shower after going for a run?
What is a negative effect to someone other than a spouse when two spouses are getting divorced?
What business has a tower to transmit signals?
Where do you go to meet a friend who lives close to you?
No matter the background of the person, they should all be given what in applying for the job?
James looked for a pencil sharpener.  Where might he look first?
The crab was scuttling but strained when he moved, what was impeding him?
What is a place where you usually store dishes but not books?
What happens to the next appointment when a grooming takes longer than expected?
James is very interested in other planets.  He loved the idea of going to mars, and reads books about it all the time.   He dreams of being on what?
What would you put in a container?
Parents often yell in times of chaos, what are they trying to do?
Where would you stand in a line and need a coat if it is cold?
James was looking for a place to buy bitcoins.  He searched and found a large menu of what?
What is illegal to do when you play cards at a casino?
What could there be in a beauty salon?
where do you typically find a trash can in the city?
Where can you store a small notepad on your person?
At a state fair judging pigs requires careful what?
What feeling might propel one to instituting civil action?
John loves animals and he hates animal abuse.  Because of this, john is very careful about the places he goes.  Where might he avoid going?
Reading a newspaper gives you a what about local current events?
The lady was doing a one man show of her tell story, when the show began she did what?
Where can you buy a fishing rod?
What would you tell ali to do if he bumps into you when you are walking?
I'm watching tv because there is nothing else to do, what do I expect to get from this?
Where would you store a shopping bag if all the seats in your vehicle are full?
What city in the middle east is known for a temple?
What do people do to pass time before they can use electronics when fly in airplane?
After attending school for twelve years what do you do?
When you are expressing yourself by yelling after getting a bruise, what are you feeling?
The helm is not something you wear on your head. Rather, it moves the masts on what?
Where is a good place to sore a wind instrument in you home?
To what part of your home is your morning paper delivered?
What do people who are speech therapists do?
John hated mosquitoes.  It wasn't the bloodsucking that he disliked, it was that the insects made what?
She curled up under a blanket to get warm, this made her what on the couch as they started movie?
He found the blowfish off the coast of the Carolina's, it was where?
He had been doing favors for everybody at work, it was frustrating not getting any what for it?
The family was playing cards, what would be a reason for this?
What does moving cars entail?
What area is likely to contain a large village?
What did the business require of everyone walking into their store?
The woman experienced great joy, but despite that this was a what?
Where would you find a binder containing homework assignments?
Shane was supposed to speak at his fathers funeral.  He was a clown, and acted very ridiculous.  This cheerfulness turned off people who expected the funeral to be what?
The college kids weren't known for their apartment decor choices, they used a folding chair inside their what?
The department store is located in the Northwest USA.  Where might it be?
If you see blinking lights in the air at night, what are you usually looking at?
When a monkey is taken away from their home they are often brought to this place where people wear white coats.
What could you put a table in if you want the table to be in your house?
John is studying animals.   What is one of the many things he has to watch them doing?
Sarah thought that she had been home all evening.  That meant that the only time to leave was when?
Where did the person have to walk downstairs to get the tool?
James was cooking s stew in his apartment kitchen.  Where might he look for a potato.
What do only some types of police do?
The child really wanted to teach his grandpa to read, he thought it was wrong that he had spent his whole life what?
Where do people traditionally get information about the world?
The sun was out and the temperature changing rapidly, it was really beginning to what?
She'd sooner just spray herself with water than the what she didn't like the smell of?
What would a person expect if they are competent in their school work?
Lizards need the sun's heat to regulate their body temperature, this is why you'll see them still on what?
Where did his wife ask him to look first when he complained of missing deodorant?
What would a person do if he or she wanted to get good grades?
There weren't enough chairs for everyone.  What might have to be delayed?
Where does a shadow usually appear?
When we are thankful for getting something what do we do?
What can happen in your mind while sleeping?
What preposition do you use if you want to combine two words?
George ruined the surprise.  How did he do so?
Some might say that if you want to do something that results in changing society then you need to start from within, to do this what would you be doing?
If I take my heifer out East, where's a place we might end up?
Where in your home would you store birth control pills near your toothpaste?
Where do fish spend the majority of their time?
What would form on your feet, if you were jogging all day?
Water is an important ingredient in what sugary beverage?
Where should you find a school in?
She a deep love for all her friends, every Friday she had an open invitation for them as she loved to host and what?
What were southern institutions where slaves do the labor called?
What divider stores papers for work or school?
Where is a notebook often purchased?
The circus monkey waived a white surrender flag, the conductor joked the monkey must work in the what?
If you're afraid of spiders what should you avoid owning?
Where would one find a captive monkey?
If you are driving too fast on an icy road you are being what?
Who said ignorance was not an excuse for the crime?
A yard is made up of what?
If someone is outgoing what are they likely to seek?
What has happened to a person's money after he or she has used the last of it?
Where is the strategic gold reserve in the U.S.?
What is a parents primary duty?
What sport is the audience the loudest at?
Where can you find a place to eat and places to buy items of many different kinds?
If electrical equipment won't power on, what connection should be checked?
If children get confused walking home where may they go?
A government seeks what over it's people?
If I recieve a letter from a friend over seas, why might I read it?
Where above your kitchen sink could you store canned food?
The graveyard was important to build, where should it be built?
The people wanted to take the scenic route, they chose the highway that cut through the what?
Where would you see a performer at a gathering of you friends?
Where is a road known as a motorway?
What is the opposite of hosting a crowd?
You are seeking to provide yourself what when you're applying for a job?
He called bull when his friend said a bull can be what?
How might compassionate thoughful be described as being?
What could fighting inflation cause if it is not successful?
They took a break from all the rides to have lunch, while eating hamburger they talked about how they were going to what on the next ride?
James drove his niece to her father.  Where did he drive?
The teachers needed to get their classrooms ready for the school year.  What is one thing they might do?
We do not have rest, so how are we feeling?
Where can you purchase food and eat it at tables?
What could you buy in a bookstore?
If you socialize by having trivial conversations it is called what?
The kids had been having fun all day, there was now a what?
Sarah took poison by accident She found it in the cabinet and. thought that it was what?
Some stores trick women to buy products, the sales make it seem like if you buy more you what?
If a person is seeing new things, what do they most often feel?
A strong laxative will help you keep what kind of bowel movements?
Where would there be a connection to go to another place?
What does god want people to do for money?
What part of the body are lips on?
Where would you carry a pen as you go through your day?
What white meat goes well with potatos?
What is the result of instituting civil action?
If you hit someone while driving what could happen to that person?
Why do people engage in chatting with friends in class?
Where would a human expect to find manufacturing operations?
The man didn't like getting out of bed and stepping on the cold tile, so where did he put carpeting?
You'd add pepper and salt to what liquid meal if it's bland?
How can you get the attention of a person across the room?
Where can you get a stray small dog?
What is something that you feel when you go to the opera?
What do people want to do when they love a place that they are going on vacation in?
A shark swam in the background aquarium as the card players sat emotionless, what were they playing?
Where can someone purchase a contraceptive device without a prescription?
Where would you find a desk normally occupied by a young person?
Where can you buy socks and jeans?
Where did the compassionate farmer allow the heifer to reside during her last days?
Where would people be looking at some things which can move, but are not moving?
People celebrate by going places and riding rides.  What's one obvious place people might go to celebrate?
The shark was migrating between continents, where did biologists find it?
Lilly owns the only kosher deli in the area.  She isn't in a heavily populated area.  Where might she live?
Where do  you park in the parking lot with shopping bags?
Stopping being married to one another was a costly task, the lawyers and their what were astronomical?
What does one chop us a grape for?
What is a place that could have tens of thousands of fiddle?
James used the cannon to shoot at something while seeking lunch. It was overkill.  What did he shoot at?
What will happen if you are successful when committing suicide?
James was a student who had a report that is due tomorrow.  Where might he spend most of his time today?
Where could you find many theater?
His running escape didn't last long once he tripped, perhaps he should've thought to what?
A school is most likely to be located in what sort of zone?
James went to the best steakhouse outside of the South.  Where is James?
If I wanted to thank someone for saying I have done a good job, what would I do?
The window of the Honda was hit from the inside, not the outside. Where was most of the the broken glass found?
What happens to people when they do not have enough food?
Utensils are used during what evening activity?
Where can you learn about operations with numbers?
What creatures performing pollination are loved my millions?
What is a common sign that someone is lying?
The friends loved competing against one another, it was a good way to work their what?
james loved the stars.  In the wilderness, they lit up what?
Deciding to watch tv or play with your cell phone might be a routine but they provide no help in being able to do what?
Everybody has a little bit of creativity, but only a few lucky ones get to do what for a living?
What type of water transportation is human powered?
What could someone be doing while performing that cannot be enjoyed by deaf people?
If you're standing in line and the line isn't moving what might you feel?
Bob is in a dressing room.  He's putting on waterproof trunks and goggles.  What sort of facility is he most likely visiting?
What do customers do in a store?
There are many cubicles in the office, they all have computers for employees to what?
If I wanted to store dirt in my home, where could I put it?
He was selling all his collector items even the rare plate, he had bought a lot at the what for the weekend?
What is a fast but expensive way to send small cargo?
The star had 4 rocky planets and 4 gaseous planets orbiting it, what was it part of
I need a person to milk a cow would a volunteer do this?
Food must be freeze dried before it is taken on what vehicle?
What is a useful activity when experiencing loneliness?
His day at the office was nearing an end, he went to the start menu on his computer to do what?
If a person wants to buy a radio, where are they likely to go?
What does someone chatting with friends do when they hear a joke?
Where might someone find old clothing?
If something is obtuse, what couldn't it be?
Learning usually leads to greater what?
The artist knew that this was the peak of his fandom, so he decided it was time for cashing in by doing what?
Sam didn't like the people he met while traveling.  What might he do to get away from them?
The children saw superman fly overhead, what did they exclaim as a result?
Illegitimate designer handbags will not have a certificate of what?
What state shaped like a glove has a lot of farmland?
What office furniture stores paper files?
Where should an excavation never take place?
Where can I find a steakhouse with a view of corn fields?
If you harm property after starting a fire where are you likely to end up?
Having your marijuana in bags help keep it what?
What kind of place could have thousands of statue?
Everybody seemed to have a horse not just the regular gamblers, which event always brings out the biggest crowds to the sport?
A person is alone in the woods and wounded, what should he do?
Why would a company be going public?
The human looked down longingly as he sat in the orbiting space station, what did he miss?
How can a person end up stopping standing in  puddle?
What  might john order at an indian resturant on top of the space needle?
What eastern state is home to a mountain?
Sam left his muddy shoes in the entryway.  Where might he be?
What would a person do if he or she just woke up?
He curled up and tried to fall on his shoulder so his arm or what wouldn't take the hit?
If I need deodorant, where do I go to but some?
Why might a person take a vacation?
What are people playing when they want to take the lead with small papers?
Where can you buy a hairbrush along with bandages?
Who sits at the center table at a receeption?
The clothing was extremely expensive compared to other places, where was it likely purchased?
What do you fill with ink to print?
Where would a restaurant put a candle?
What is KFC who serves chicken?
John didn't enjoy procreating.  He had a hangup.  He didn't like to be what?
Where does a marmoset not usually go?
What is a child likely to do while going to play?
What prevents someone from getting sleep at night?
Reaching advantage position in a competitin puts me in what position as compared to others?
I wanted  a side chair for people to visit me while I worked, where did I have it put?
where do you store wine?
John spent too much money buying products for his swollen testicles.  He did so because he was feeling what?
People always talked childlike to him, even though his disability was physical and didn't affect his what?
What is the biggest speech in the capital?
A person with children might have a lot of plastic things in what place?
What do people look for when competing against someone?
The swimming pool couln't be refilled due to drought regulations, where was it located?
What is a person likely to feel when they are abandoned by everyone after they stop being married to someone else?
A bride and groom are taking care of proposals, what is the likely ceremony?
Three quarters of what are covered by the ocean?
Why would a person be approached by a lot of people?
She had a knack for entertaining, everybody told he she had a what?
Where would someone be likely to store a double edge razor?
When people want to watch a new move, the often go see it at the?
What might a satisfied person do?
Dave put his beer where he could get to it, but it would be off the floor.  Where did he put it?
Eating breakfast with a large family leads to a pile of what in the sink?
Where would you buy a ticket to sit in a room with a lot of chairs facing the same direction?
If I wanted to store my chess pawn when I wasn't using it, what would be a good place for that?
If you're known to buy presents for others often you would be called what?
There aren't many anemone in what glove-shaped state?
The keys were black and white, what were they attached to?
They don't get grades or sit at desks, but crowds of fish do what?
What kind of people will someone who is in charge of project look for?
Where you have finished a conversation with a person what do you say?
What do you need to run after ball?
Where could you find some airplanes that are not being used?
She was processing the wool, she kept her leg bouncing to operate the what?
Where would you put a computer other than a desk?
Where do you buy treats for kids over a counter?
Long term consumption of beer can lead to all sorts of problems, it can be quite what?
When going to sleep what noise does a human make?
The boy was too nervous to dance, so what was he doing progressively at the ball?
Where could you find a laundry room that is only used by staff?
Where does a beaver leave?
What is the opposite of a village?
What does someone living life fully feel?
The artist didn't use many colors to capture the view, he was famous for his very plain what?
When you experience boredom, what can you do on television?
It had a beach with shallow water, while not the ocean this was a hot spot all the locals enjoyed on the what?
What would happen to you if you are not good at playing violin?
Wanting to avoid the cabbage spoiling, where did he put it?
If people listen, they can understand each other better.  If they understand each other, they can do what?
What place would a person go to look at zebras?
Where might a human sit for extended periods over a bowl of water?
The window across the street was broken and John felt guilty. He never meant to damage what?
If I have a forgiving attitude toward someone, what do they receive?
I was shopping at a car dealership, what did a salesman do?
The fact the two sides were able to even reach tentative agreement was a feat to what?
The police man was waving flares, what did he do with the impatient car?
Where do you watch garbage?
In what place could you find air that has been breathed by many people recently?
What business uses lots of potatoes?
What does a judge do when someone is convicted of a crime?
Where do security guards usually drive around in golf carts and protect young adults?
The man needed flooring, where was he looking to install it?
Where can you find pamphlets regarding diseases and ailments?
What would humans do when their legs are tired?
What planet is the atlantic ocean part of?
Mark wanted to know the truth, because he didn't want to continue existing in what?
What animal produces milk?
Where is disease often spread but shouldn't be?
A beaver builds structures to block what sort of feature?
What would someone wear to protect themselves from a cannon?
Society cannot exist without numbers.   They only rise up in what sort of spaces?
Where is a snake likely to reside?
John couldn't find a place to stay, and he didn't want to waste money.  He picked a place that was inexpensive and offered few luxuries.  Where might he be staying?
Where does someone not happy to take their car?
Bill bought an upright piano but didn't have anywhere to put it because he lived where?
Where would you hear a viola along side many other string and brass instruments?
Traders work on the floor of the stock what?
To gain her trust the real estate agent was very polite, delightful and all around what?
What could you find at a bus station that can help you?
Where are small grapes used?
Rumors of roving bands of monsters killing people could lead to what?
Remembering past successe is likely to cause what?
What would you use if you wanted to make some columns of numbers?
A person notices popcorn, cotton candy on the grass, where is he likely?
What happens when people are waiting for something?
What corner areas have lots of windows?
What would a person do to help someone that is not able to speak coherently?
In war, your primary method is combat, but your goal is to do what?
What would something be if you do not need it?
A person would carry a large netted drawstring bag to what sort of place?
The investigator considered the gun evidence, where did he send it?
Where would you read a passage but not write it?
Where could you find an armchair that is used by only a few people?
My house is very dry, with little water in the air. What tool should I use to fix this?
What do all rooms facing outside have?
What do all humans have on the side of their head?
Where is one likely to hear a harpsichord?
She had been applying for job for weeks with no call back, she knew she was qualified, so what did she feel?
What usually happens to people who are models?
What has highly criticized security?
How often are secular parties held?
Why would I want to be exercising?
Why would someone be wet after being full of fear?
A person is putting on makeup, what is their likely goal?
What will happen to your knowledge with more learning?
The wind tore off the shingles, what was the wind like?
Dan outfitted his house to run on the oldest heat source on Earth. What is the oldest heat source on Earth?
Where is a horse likely to live?
Why does she sing so much?
Ice fishing can be done surprisingly far out most winters on what greatest of the Michigan's greats?
Though he was an adult he still stereotypical slept on a sofa bed in his parent's what
James kept a clipboard where he could easily find  it.  Where might he keep it?
The mother was worried about all the spills, so she bought a rug for under the what?
If there is a stale smell in the air coming from the kitchen, what should one check for the source of the smell?
What would cause someone to use invitro for reproducing?
Why shouldn't you walk barefooted after the rain?
What will all the differences equal?
What would be considered a success when attempting procreation?
The janitor got his pail out of where?
The doctor recommended washing hands, what was being promoted?
The cloth's are not yet placed where they belong, where should we put them?
Where is one likely to purchase listening vinyl?
Sally took her medicine and experienced strong side effects.  What did doctors say about the side effects?
What is a student about to do if they are sitting in front of a number of black and white keys?
The robot shockingly began to read book after book, it had apparently done what?
What is the purpose of the cabin in an airplane?
You can buy a pen here.
What should the bean bag chair sit on?
This city in Northern Norway is filled within things to do like Polar Nights half marathons and located in the middle of the Northern lights oval, which city is it?
Where can you buy a binder?
James was delayed for a couple of hours because he had a connection.  Where might his connection be?
Where would you find isopropol alcohol and safety glasses?
The man tried to run, but he could not. He could that he could only move by doing what?
Collections of atoms called molecules make up everything you can hold in your what?
What is the opposite of foolhardy?
Where can you get in shape and drink at a juice bar?
What is an way for people to meet with each other?
What do horses do to get energy?
Where would you see some people standing on a line near a road?
The museum made an odd choice for the koala display, they put the stuffed creature in what area where you'd usually find a panda?
What does exercising immediately lead to?
There are a lot of ways to relax, for this person it is simply opening one up and what?
If a person does something to hurt someone else, they might do what?
Where was the apple tree said to contain something forbidden?
There is a lot of sugar in what food that fits in your hand?
Where do you wait in a reception area for a meeting?
She was bad at dancing, so what basic skill did the instructor teach her?
Billy's mother tripped over a stuffed animal.  She yelled at him not to leave his things where?
A student wants to hear what the professor is saying, what does he do?
How would someone feel after going for run?
If a student was about to graduate, they would no longer be attending what?
What are adult people usually expected to do?
Where would you dispose of a broken icebox?
Mary was a bad girl, but she was always open about that.  People liked her because she was what?
Where may I view sharks in a clear tunnel?
Dan said that getting in line was the best choice because it would lead to what?
Where could you find a theater which only has unpaid actors?
The competition was to see who would be the last one the drop the object, the hard part was you had to have your arm extended straight out while what the object?
Why would someone confess to committing murder?
Which long saga will we be watching on tonight's program?
She wanted to make a quilt of velvet, where should she look?
What is a convenient place for a bus station?
The crowd wasn't that big.  It can better be described as what?
Where would you put silverware once they've dried, but you're not ready to use them.
After bringing eggs home from the store in what are they held?
Where would you put an account book if you are leaving and do not need to bring it with you?
If clothes have developed a smell and can't be washed what should you do with them?
What do you feel from playing football?
The wood became fossilized, what did the paleontologists call it when they found ti?
What is a place that someone can go buy a teddy bear?
What might the inability to learn cause?
Who does the government help with schools?
A small dog is lost in New England, where would it likely be found?
What do you do to hold loose papers together?
People were talking on the corner, who were they talking with?
He finally found someone as ugly as him, knowing he wouldn't be the one sticking out was what?
The band enjoyed their success and fans, they loved to what at the start of every concert?
During the brainstorming session there was a lot of talking and what?
Where could you find multiple ruler that are owned by different people?
Why is grooming often recommended to greasy teens?
We want to try some new barbecue sauces, where should we buy some?
Where can you see a mammoth in NYC?
Where could you put some olives to prevent them from getting nearby food wet?
When having food at a formal place, what do you usually do?
What body of water is typically shallow water?
How do you indicate that you agree wtih someone?
James wanted to stop competing.  What might he have been feeling?
Always wash your hands before eating, you don't want to get germs onto food and inside your what?
The explorers found a central passage, much to their delight it led straight to the ancient buried what?
Along what feature will you find a rosebush?
A man was driving himself to the airport, where did he put his luggage?
What is someone likely to feel after receiving a gift that is not common?
The banjo finds it's history in the Caribbean, but it's probably most famous where?
The print was extremely small, as he was reading letter after letter he began to suffer eye what?
If I am forgiving, what hidden force may be activated in my life?
When playing baseball they keep track of mistakes, this stat is called what?
What does someone need to do to begin creating art?
If I have a reception with many people attending, where should I be sure to hold it?
What should you do if your pens aren't work?
Who designs a building?
Where is a bay always found?
What past time are people engaged in when they are traveling along liquid?
Where can you find a movie theater along with other stores in one placE?
The man on the street corner was showing off a wristwatch, he was trying to what it for drug money?
The man needed to buy flooring, where was he looking for it?
Bill was awaking, what was happening to him physiologically?
Why might someone want to be buying beer?
What kind of radio does someone use to reach base?
The person turned the oven on and put a pizza in, what happened one hour later?
You weren't suppose to touch the wild animals, they could what?
Danny hated helping people.  It always brought what?
A person who wants to make more at their job but can't will often need to find a what?
What could happen to you after you see some beautiful clouds above you?
As a human in a large northeastern city, where can you see animals?
What is something you do  in a bank?
Where would you find fungus growing on something made from milk?
When a snake prefers warm, sunny weather, where would it likely want to live?
The jar was plastic, just like most of the stuff in the kitchen.  John preferred glass, and wished he was somewhere else.  Where does he want to be?
When she went to examine the thing, what was she considering doing with it?
Where would you find a metal rod in most people's preferred method of transportation?
The man set the cup on the table.  It didn't matter.   He didn't heave anything to put it on, and he lacked the what to balance it?
Where do you buy a glass of wine?
If a human wants to enjoy another human's company, where might they go?
It was breakfast time.  Brad ordered eggs, toast, and something to drink. What might he drink?
You might head to the locker room after getting a green drink here.
Humans do what when they are motivated and need money?
Billy wasn't a stranger, but they hadn't spoken to him often, either.  How would you describe him?
What should a student do if they want to learn how to build a bridge?
Where do people read newspapers while riding to work?
A student puked in the cafeteria, the janitor retrieved his bucket of sawdust from the what?
What can happen after doing housework that does not involve pain?
What would make a wet marmoset happy?
Math competitions are for those who enjoy the subject or find it what?
What do people who are celebrating in a bar do sometimes?
Sam didn't expect to see something like that underground.  He used his hand to shade his eyes from what?
Who is not likely to have sex?
What emotion does committing murder induce?
What would children do if they need to get somewhere, but they are tired from running?
Why is a period likely to be on a page?
Where is a good place to get an old fashioned cup of coffee?
When a person from a polluted city decides to go to the country and is breathing fresh air, what sensation are they seeking?
The student realized that he left his writing instrument at his last place of study, where is it?
What do employees have when they want to have a group discussion?
Many prefer a happy and clean home, but for some lazy people doing housework is one big what?
What room of the house is the scale kept in to weigh yourself?
What can an apple tree make?
I brought the mail in, where should I put it?
Where can a grain of sand cause a person a lot of pain and possible damage sight?
Where is tomato sauce delicious?
When someone is having fun how can you physically see it on their face?
What meal would you find on your serving dish in the evening?
what can a dog sometimes be taught to do?
Some people really loved beer, they call it what gold?
The person burped loudly with satisfaction, he had been what?
Bill picks from an apple tree in southern Michigan, where is he most likely to be?
James wasn't a repair person, but even he knew that he didn't need a freon coin in a what?
what might someone feel after hurting someone else?
What might a teacher do most during a week?
Where might I find pens with a company logo?
What is the world full of?
Finding information in an old library requires what in a card catalog?
Gary bought stock in a fortune 500 company before going off to the tournament.   He also bought a new what?
Fencing is a sport in which participants use a what?
What does one watch garbage reality shows on?
Where might you find a computer user that is visiting a foreign city and didn't bring their own computer along?
Where can you keep a fire extinguisher in the house if it's really big?
Why would you be unable to use a basketball?
Where would an automobile drive in order to get somewhere quicker?
The college student much preferred reading during her free time, her roommates on the other hand preferred what?
Where do you find wild cats?
What does a child have to do in order to officially become a student?
Where would you only need a shopping bag if you did not finish what you got there?
What is killing usually thought of as?
What might someone get from learning about science?
The introduction of industry greatly expanded human what?
The cat saw animal control approaching her, what did she decide to do?
How bad is the punishment for someone who is over indulgent?
Where would you bring some towels other than to a shower?
What do people do if they are near the sea?
Where might an army captain be found?
What happens to people in horror movies who die?
The man loved his cheese, especially old ones that what?
He didn't have a clean plate so he ate the meal in a what?
Eating breakfast of garlic might lead to some what?
The mountain was one of many that surrounded the what below?
The class was billed as a way to improve yourself, the instructor told everybody to close their eyes and what?
A hinged door is not always found in which room of the house?
In what location would a blowfish be most happy?
Where would footprints be left on a man made item?
What can a country do when it has jealousy but a person cannot do?
What would attending school help with?
What place has tens of milliions of back garden?
The children thought it was a good movie, they began to play they were in the movie and what they were the characters?
What grows from all mammal skin?
When people get together for a potluck what do they do?
The investor had promised profit, but he had been what?
A person doesn't have to keep going to school to what?
What kind of class uses a triangle?
How does a person go to space?
If you listen to someone what skill do you have?
The product was not meant to be sold.  What was it for?
Where would you expect to find a hospital?
When not in your home country you are?
Where can the children leave their bicycles?
What is a computer unable to do?
I wanted to stand up, what would I use to do this?
Where would you put a teaspoon if you are not using it?
If you want to set a romantic atmosphere you might light a candle where?
If you were looking for a grape, where is one place where you probably wouldn't find one?
She caught the first snowflake of her life on her tongue, she was naively excited to be spending a what in a region that actually had snow?
Where is a good place for a window in a house?
Working in the vegetable garden everyday is good for you, you get to spend time where?
The bus stop implemented a size restriction for luggage, where was the bus stop going?
What causes someone to laugh from something surprising?
He retired from his command after twenty years, he was proud that he chose to what but was ready to retire?
When someone is seeing new things in a positive environment, what do they feel?
Where is an empty dish usually stored?
What might two people have before returning to work?
James bought a hide bed sofa because it was space efficient. Where might he live?
Where is a bicycle likely to be safe?
What is a fun way for children to be learning about science?
Sarah was watching a film, but she missed the middle.   She closed her eyes in the beginning and when she opened them the credits were rolling.  What did she do?
When one is using computers for a long period of time, what might happen to the human body?
What is likely to have an enclosed shelf?
What are dark clouds likely to do?
Even if was clean and chlorinated, shallow water wouldn't make for much summer fun in your backyard what?
What is a privilege to being an adult?
Where is the closest sofa located that isn't in your own residence?
The video game featured an anger bar that you charged up to more easily do what?
What is likely the result of falling from a height?
The city was very bright this time of year.  There was a much smaller population where?
where do you typically buy apples?
What method does someone use to get the best price when buying products?
Where is a knight likely to be a hero?
What can steel be used to build?
Evening comes after what?
If you stretch out your socks they will then have what kind of fit?
When meeting a friend what are you likely to do over coffee?
Where was he one speaker of many?
The child couldn't lift the box of lead, it was what?
I pay someone in a ticket booth for tickets to "The Greatest Showman."  Where am I likely to be?
What would you be doing if you are bringing suit against someone?
What do you take fish off of when fishing?
Why does a lizard lay on a rock in the sun?
If you poke yourself with sharp knitting needle what will you start doing?
Billy's boss told him to get a book from a high shelf, so he took a stepladder from what?
What is the benefit of ships if there is no bridge available?
Where would you find a playroom with very young children just starting their education?
Where can you find someone's number written on paper?
Where could you learn about someone's paper?
What is water rapids that are choppy considered?
What does a building have if it does not have solidity?
Man probably invented sports because of its instinctual need to be what?
What might one use to figure out the best route for travelling?
If there is a source of light behind a tree what would expect to happen?
The child was scorned for scratching the plate with his what?
Where might I hear and see information on current events?
It is a teachers job to help students commit to memory new skills, what is the teachers main job in the classroom to help students do?
Contemplating a concept can lead to what?
What does playing guitar cause a person to do?
The realtor had a hard time selling the houses, he always had to explain that the former tenant used to shoot what in them?
Where could you find only a few place to stay?
If you find a bone wrapped in clothe, where are you?
If you lock your knees while standing in line, what may you experience?
On a family vacation, where might I visit near the shore to look for crab?
If I am a spectator at a trade show, what am I likely watching?
They party animals starting drinking in the evening and weren't done until when?
Getting up early was new for her, she needed some drops to clear up her what?
When people look to store their plastic cutlery, what do they use?
There were many features displayed, but most were where for the one particular gallery?
A person who is successful at bringing people to the table probably makes what?
Where do you get a new shopping bag?
Where do you throw a ball down the lane?
Where would excitement not be allowed?
Female ants don't have wings and can only get around by doing what?
Where would you store a book that you're taking with you on vacation?
The cowboy was having fun atop the bull even though it was a what?
Disney has an entire ride dedicated to getting what to the world?
Where on the upper body do people want to remove hair?
The animals were not thirsty, so what did they do when they were by the river?
The children were going to play, the parents encouraged it hoping it resulted in what?
A person who fears A.I. has a main fear that man will lose the ability to what?
Where should you be careful of bees after drinking cider?
Sally thought that the people she hired were entertaining, but that was what she expected.  After all, it was what they were what?
John was a servant, but he was paid for his work.  What was he?
His long walk home wasn't over, he lived on the tenth storey of a walk up what?
Where is confetti thrown from the rooftops?
Dan thought that he was bad.  But hid Queen disagreed.  She knighted him.  She thought he was what?
There was an attendant at the door to keep light from coming in during the show, it was a big premiere night at the what?
What do you use a clock for?
Sean stared at his door all night.  He was scared that he might see it doing what?
When there are group projects, how do people normally work on them?
Where would you find a welcome mat in a house?
Procreating isn't the only consequence of sex.  What is even more common than kids?
Where might one find a bench of people sitting before they are taken away?
He was trying to buy a new mattress, he wanted something soft yet what?
Sam didn't care about what company he kept on Christmas.  He just didn't want to be what?
If you want to buy you must what?
Where can many merchants have their stores under one roof?
Where is a copy machine likely to be?
What will happen if you get warm too much?
What do you to learn new things as a kid?
A skateboard can have a steep learning curve, but once the basics are mastered you can what?
Where can you can enjoy music in public ?
James wanted to add space for an extra guest, so he bought a hide bed sofa.  With that he'd be able to have two people stay over, one in the guest room, and one on the sofa.  Where might he have been?
The crab was feeling cold in the water, where was he stuck?
Where would you get sports equipment if you do not have any?
What is everyones goal for having sex long?
A human is hitch hiking near Hoboken, where is he?
Where do people drive on the left on a motorway?
In what region is a centavo uses?
Where might you go to buy silk?
Sally didn't know what she planned to do.  She was going to remodel her front garden, but she couldn't because of zoning rules.  Such was the perils of living where?
Billy thought that there wasn't any point to hunting foxes. Besides, it was too dry to find many.  Where might he have been?
His favorite general store had most things, and if it didn't it was conveniently located with other shops in the what?
Where would the reception desk be located in a hotel?
Sarah was not a little girl anymore.  She learned the hard way when buying new clothes.  What size might she have worn?
The plant suffered in the shade, where did it need to be planted instead?
Where would using a boat require navigation skills?
The man needed a toothbrush and some food, where did he go?
Janet likes dancing.   The swaying and the music gives her a feeling of what?
What is the purpose of a box in a supermarket?
What kind of structure are in if there is a large chandelier in the foyer?
James wanted a hot tub just like the one at the spa he visited, but he didn't want anyone to know about it.  He was afraid that if the neighbors knew, they'd all want to use it, and it would turn his house into what?
They pulled off to the shoulder of the winding mountain what?
Where in your shirt can you keep your plane ticket?
Where do people look at pictures with a story?
James put a blanket on the floor to cover the burn marks.  Where might he have gotten the blanket from?
Sarah thought that buying beer with a fake idea was a good idea.  She just wanted to enjoy herself. But it turned to be anything but. What did it turn out to be?
In a company a chief oversees what people?
She was giggling and flirting, his mustache elicited what for her?
If I want to do a math problem in a proper way, what should I check for?
How does a meteor travel around galactic objects?
The story was interesting, the character grew to become a baby boy after starting out a what?
Bob was tossed from his boat in the pacific ocean near the United States.  He sees a shore to the east and swims toward it. Where is he most likely swimming to?
It was something that had weighed on him his whole life, finally discovering truth was a what?
Where is an apple tree likely found in abundance?
Inside what would a listener most likely hear a new student trying a clarinet?
The projector displayed slides on the wall as the presenter talked to the audience.  Billy wished he didn't come to this event.  Where was he?
The person changed because what demanded it?
A wind from the east is often referred to as a what kind of wind?
The helm is the steering control of what powered leisure vessel?
What do you need to have before you can begin reading?
What should you reply to if you get it while at work?
After the sun has risen what happens at the end of the day?
What would a bee like as a gift?
What does a person who is considered good known for?
A retired person may have to return to work if they what?
Where would you find the nearest attic?
The great general had suffered his first defeat, it now seemed there was truly nobody his opponent couldn't what?
Where could you find a monkey in the wild?
Where would the steakhouse include a view of a Great Lake?
John bought a small butane stove.  He knew that he couldn't use it inside because of the fumes, but he could use it outside.  What structure would John most likely use the stove outside of?
She got home and needed to put away her shirts, where did she put them?
Sarah felt bad about their odds. Billy disagreed with her.  What did he think about their odds?
It was the first time they had met their new niece, it was good to have everybody together at the annual what?
Why would someone be listening?
The dental office handled a lot of patients who experienced traumatic mouth injury, where were these patients coming from?
The upright piano helped what get a better sound?
A shark isn't something you have to worry about at the lake in the woods, but there are plenty of dangers in the what?
Where would you find pamphlets when they're delivered to your home?
You can find a clothing store often at what outdoor collection of merchants?
Where are you likely to find a cubicle for many corporations?
Where did people used to go so they could watch a movie in their home?
If a train is behind schedule what is it likely to do?
A person fear failure, what does he thing will happen?
The man became more efficient at his work, he learned shortcuts to copy and what?
What does one do at an office?
Much like a jaunt on the treadmill, thinking hard and long can cause what?
Birds do what by laying eggs?
What would I do if I was being attacked?
Where can you spend the night on the ground floor when you're away from home?
The person was bad, but everything he said was what?
Where is it likely to find a beach towel?
They began to copulate, someone used spit to what?
What will happen after answering questions incorrectly?
Where would you find many computers in a group of work spaces?
How do birds have babies?
Where would you put a rubber stamp after using it?
The potato wants to grow, where should it be placed?
Their union had settled and they would go off strike and what?
What is needed mentally to ready one's self to begin detailed work?
Where do kids go that does not involve water or buying something?
John bought a ferret at a pet shop.  He couldn't take it on the bus, so he called something else.  What might he have called?
What do you need to do with a friend before going to play?
If you're going on vacation on a deserted island what are you hoping to achieve?
I needed to send a piece of mail, where did I go?
What is a way that people who are dating great each other?
What country would you not find a marmoset in the continent south of North America?
The teacher has activity planned the students probably won't enjoy--- what was it?
If you were to take Communion on a Sunday morning, what you expect the glass on the walls to be?
Sally went to her office, which was on the 8th and top floor.  Where does she probably work?
What does a couple do at the end of the sleighing ride?
What does breathing do for living things?
What is the opposite of something being liken to something else?
Where could you hear an organ being played?
If a person is supported by those closest to them what do they have?
Food is usually stored on what in your pantry?
When can a person's death not be wanted by the person?
The child wanted his cereal bowl and knew he could reach it, where would he find it?
James used an axe and a saw to chop wood, shape it, and make a shelter.  He kept adding wood to it, building it bigger and bigger, until it became a what?
What do you use when chatting with friends that aren't in the same place together?
One thing that you need to do when opening a business is to secure lots of?
What are armies having to do when the countries are waging war?
What is a good thing about playing football?
In America, what is the nortern-most country where an apple tree can grow?
Being able to forgive is a way to be what?
Sam  spent time chatting with friends about important things because he wanted to get what?
What part of us is virginia in?
Where do kids gather in the entrance hall at the request of teachers?
If someone is committing perjury and it leads to convictions what has been committed?
What happens when you cash in?
If you are playing poker, what are you doing?
They saw a fox at the park, they tried to get their phones out quickly to get a what?
The poet wanted to promote his new literature to literary majors, where did he go to do so?
He was hiking for miles, what did he suffer from?
Where is refuse stored for a long time?
The woman spent her evenings working hard for herself. What did she do with her tasks?
If someone were to gain a lot of fat their doctor will likely tell them to do what?
Where would you write down a passage?
Where can you find many musician with people listening to them?
Billy found himself agreeing with Dan. They knew each other since childhood.  They didn't need what to make an agreement?
Danny was a human.  He needed to catch a flight, but stayed to long in an object made for humans to relax in.  Where might he have been?
What do we do if we rise something and want to put it back down?
The fight enemy choice had led him to a grave injury, he was now what?
The teacher's pet loved answering questions, each correct answer brought her more what than the last?
The person was sick of the cold rain, what did he long for?
His hotel had a view of a famous mountain, he sampled chocolates, and did more during his visit where?
Where could you find a long, dark passageway?
Where are magazines usually old?
George hated changes to his salary. He wanted his supply  of money to be what?
Where do you send mail over a counter?
James bought a new monitor and unpacked it.   He discarded the packaging materials and connected it.  What did he connect it to?
People use a knife to clean their catch on what vessel?
The pioneer went to the general store for baking supplies, what was he looking for?
He wore out his dictionary as he worked on his what?
What happens to a person falling?
Sean wanted to go to the Met, so he took a subway stop in what city?
What do adults do at a cookout with friends?
George was away from home for the first time.  He didn't have any place to go, so I offered to let him do what?
If you're suffering from boredom what can you do on your mobile phone?
If disneyland were to be built in California, why would planners choose that state?
If a person is shy, what do they feel when meeting people for the first time?
What might be a reaction if I were to start communicating to others?
What happens to the temperature if you turn up the thermostat?
Jane's baking oven was broken and she was afraid to use it.  She didn't want to burn what?
Some kids are shy in school, so taking a shower where can be intimidating?
John would do anything because he didn't care.  He would do what?
Where would you get an action figure if you do not have one?
He was studying anatomy, he knew that the main artery in his neck provided blood to his what?
Where can fungus grow on walls?
John couldn't arise from his position, so he remained at his desk. What might his position be?
What might have a drop of flood on their fingertip?
The heir to this country's throne isn't the prince of it. What country is it?
Where might a child go who has no home?
Crabs crawl along the bottom of what?
Why does this person eat so much?
Someone who gets nervous and doesn't know how to dance might do what when they attempt to start dancing?
Almost everyone who has been driving a car has seen or been in a what?
His want for more was insatiable, a what wasn't enough?
Where can you buy grapes directly from their growers?
Where would a woman keep a dollar bill?
James spent a lot of time walking long distances.   He walked not because he liked it, it made his feet sore, nut because it was his only means of what?
He never took for granted living in the land of the free, for he was once a what abroad?
Most people have what which they use to carry things?
Nations agreeing with each other will lead to what?
If I want to keep my floor covering down, what should I put the tack in?
Lips are found on a person's what?
Sam thought that his efforts were necessary, but in reality the accomplished nothing.  They were what?
What is a place that sells suntan lotion but not food or medicine?
I was driving a car and had a heart attack at 80 mph, what awaits me?
People are genetically most likely to have this on top of their head?
Where would you put condiments if you are planning to use them soon?
Where will someone go for killing?
Sally bought bubblegum. Where might she have gotten it?
what does getting divorce induce in someone who doesn't want it?
Where would you find a trash can while enjoying the great outdoors?
He didn't have the attention span for reading book, so he would just what and pretend he was reading?
James owned a historic deli.  It had some protections that helped him keep it open.  It was an important landmark where?
If something is very hard but you just manage to be able to do it, it can be called what?
Where is the sky fake?
Before the game some players knelt to pray, they did this because they what?
What is the name of a place where cargo is stored?
Visiting museum was an emotional experience for the old veteran, he hid it best he could but he began to what?
The rooms in the experimental home were quite unique, they weren't the traditional what?
How does one decide if instituting a particular civil action is fair?
Where are people who do the same kind of work likely to gather?
What happens after eating dinner?
What would cause a ship to stop moving?
What is a train-related expression for exhaustion?
Where would you find a lot of beds?
Where can you find the tallest skyscraper in the mid-western U.S.?
What might having a check up lead to for some people?
He was competing for the prestigious prize, though it had no money, what was he seeking by attempting to get it?
The flour was stored away from the kids so they couldn't play with it, where was it?
The teacher explained it used a cathode ray tube like other screens, but this what measured things?
If a contract is not signed it will be?
Where can you find cord along side nails and bolts?
The climber was suffering elevation sickness, his wits were suffering what?
James was watching TV when he saw flashing lights that did something bad to him.  What might john have had?
How much money should we print if we want to fight inflation?
What must someone have in order to shop?
The always greeted each other with a kiss, it was a simple way to do what?
There was a dog, it was barking loudly.  James wasn't scared of it though, because it was confined.  Where might it have been confined to?
The magician guessed it was a king, he was very good with a what?
If you see cars with a light blinking on the driver's side what does that indicate they will do?
If a person is looking at houses, what is their end goal?
The dairy cow farm was special, it provided all the milk for the big chocolate company from where?
If playing the saxophone wasn't enough, she also had to learn the choreographed moves on the field to perform with the what?
John spent an hour in the bath just relaxing.  He enjoyed the sensations of it. He liked doing what?
You can see bald eagles along the Mississippi in what state?
James wanted to socialize more because he felt he lacked what?
What country has the carpathians and is the furthest in the direction of the side that won the U.S. Civil War?
In the Roman Empire a person who was not of noble birth was called a what?
Where might a motionless horse be?
The farmer sought an apple tree cultivar that was hardy in the western United States, where was he looking to plant it?
What does a person want to get at a restaurant?
The teenagers were celebrating irresponsibly, what were they doing?
The mom liked giving assistance to her children, why did she do it?
What does the bird have in tree?
It seemed weird to have a dental office located next to a candy store and fast food location at the what?
What relatively small area is known for its steakhouses?
Most people recognize that earth experiences a set of distinct what?
Why would a person stay in a relationship with  a man?
How do you start family?
The playroom had many classic toys, the child spilled out each and every plastic monkey out of the what?
When someone isn't ridiculous at all they are what?
When not in a city where would expect to see a bald eagle?
The drawing room was one of fifty rooms, where was it located?
Joe thought that the reflected sunshine made something look beautiful.  What might Joe be looking at?
If you have an empty glass and are thirsty, where would you put the glass?
Samantha decided to join the game, but there wasn't space. She had to stay on the waitlist until someone else did what?
The drink was very sweet.  To maintain his calorie count, John thought that he should have less what?
Graphite is referred to as lead in what writing implement?
What can we assume about people who get up early?
Where would you go to see a sword?
He was a bit of an audiophile, he replaced the stylus almost as often as he switched albums to listen to on his what?
Where does a lizard that needs warmth likely live?
The picture was clear,. Obviously, there had been a what?
What does everyone try their whole life to be?
What causes meeting people to be preceded by meditation?
Billy hated watchign the turtle move.  He couldn't stand the silly parts.  He was annoyed by all of the what?
Where would you go to argue about important bills?
Where would you be unlikely to find a freezer?
The lady had limited time and had to buy many things, where should she go?
Where would you get a freezer if you do not have one?
If you were doing housework and there was a lot of dust, what can it give you?
The first or second floor is the safest from fire when you sleep where away from home?
Everyone crowded around the toilet during a break in the event, where was the toilet?
When chatting with friends you admire, what are you hoping to achieve?
There was no food in Danny place.  He had to go across the road and ask for some. Where might he have asked for food?
Sally and Joe were burned by chemicals because they ignored the signs.  She had chemical burns in her vagina.   Where might they have been?
The board game instructed that you must conquer opponent, only the what would come out on top?
What happens when friends observe something at the same time?
John didn't like eating the hamburger.  It made him feel what?
Where would you find a group of travellers who are travelling by road?
Steve breathed in deeply, using his diaphragm.   The diaphragm is a muscle.  Name something that has muscles?
What doorway is likely to have a large wooden door?
Where could you find a monkey, elephant, or zebra enjoying a drink?
John saw an insect using its legs to do this.  Mary saw some insects using their wings to do this.   What is this?
What is the best course of action for a person to take if they want to get up early?
Where are you when you need a pencil during a advanced theoretical physics speech?
Art, playing music, and other hobbies are great ways of expressing yourself that can be great what?
Where is a variety of birds likely to be?
The living conditions were poor, but the building wasn't condemned as they were still barely what?
Which coast are toll roads not near the pacific ocean on?
Where would you put tin after you buy it?
Where can you buy clothing, sporting goods, and housewares?
Where can you take your kids to buy things for them to play with?
When they say dogs are a man's best friend, they aren't talking about just whats?
When a person climbs a mountain and is breathing fresh air, which feeling are they likely to have?
What might an unsuccessful writing program cause?
Where is a flute likely to be in a pit?
Sometimes people say that someone stupid has no what?
Where would you put a ficus if you do not want it to get your carpet dirty?
She was distracted in thought in class, she felt alone even what?
Where could you make a hole with your fist?
Where would you find a tennis court made from red clay?
If you legs are tired and you need to have a rest you should do what?
What happens to most people after playing tennis all day?
Where does a television often display sports?
The animals all knew the importants of fluids.  They also knew what was safe to do what?
After the sex she had spent the night at his house, he got up early to make and what?
The king gave a speech about it being an auspicious day, but he was assassinated in the middle of it making it actually what?
When having food it is common to do what other act of consumption?
What might someone do too much  of if they are experiencing stress?
Where does a small farmer keep a potato after it's done growing?
How can people gain new perspectives?
If a murderer killed people related to one's family, the family members would feel what when crying?
Where would seats be used to watch a movie?
John is an omnidiciplinarian. Where might he find success?
If I wanted to go through a door, but it was closed, what would I have to do to it?
The small child liked looking at all the pictures of the animals and hearing his mom say the accompanying rhymes, but the jellyfish was his favorite animal in the whole what?
If you're wet cleaning a floor while doing housework, what do you need?
Beautiful lightning strikes happen on what kind of day?
Drinking alcohol can make me lose this?
What are you likely to see on Independence Day?
Where can a shirt be found in a hotel room?
What do you do to make sure that you are remembering?
Where can I drink beer or any other alcoholic beverage?
After killing people in a rage what is someone likely to feel?
Who is likely to use too much salt?
What did the friendly man do when meeting knew people to show he was happy?
Where does the sun set?
What is likely to someone in a skiing accident likely to have in more than one place?
John tried his best to care for Kate, but Kate kept throwing herself into danger.  He couldn't stand her what for her own safety?
The agent of change had a loath feeling for the king, he would set for a plan to have him what?
A poet may need to go where to achieve learning as an adult?
Where would a kitchen towel be found?
Answering questions followed by saying, "sir" or "ma'am" is an indication that you are what?
Matt had issues controlling his anger, what did he do when someone set him off?
When two people are doing the same thing, what do they tend to do?
Billy liked going to the party.  He enjoyed mixing.  He liked to do what?
After checking in at the ticket office the couple entered their prom in the school's what?
What would a person do if they saw a bully make a person cry but they wanted no trouble?
The hipsters tried to take a disingenuous kooky approach to their cafe, they were soon out of business to the competitor who took what kind of approach?
Where is a ballpoint pen best stored?
If you cut when waiting at the ticket office, what should your punishment be?
Success is usually a product of preparation and what?
What professional space is likely to have an air conditioner?
The key to happiness while living life is to do more than what?
He had said he would cook dinner, but first he needed to what?
Stopping being married to each other might seem like a negative thing as it is an end, but it can also be a beginning that brings what?
James and Jenny are good friends.  They spend a lot of time together and usually get home late.   Jenny is very smart and James likes to hear her doing something. What might James like to hear Jenny do?
If I go to a bank to get money, where could I go next to get household items and food?
If someone is free from guilt what are they likely to achieve?
Danny hasn't experienced all that it means to be human yet.  He is missing something important.  What might he be missing?
What is it called when two people have the same point of view?
What could happen after you were hiking for only a short time?
Where might people gather while they are waiting for a ride across town?
I want to make a fortune selling houses, what should I study?
She had a bad habit of washing hands over one thousand times a day, what did she experience as a result?
If there are people watching a priest, what is he doing?
What can you do while driving to work that involves sound but does not require you to move your mouth?
Where does a marmoset roam free?
What form of government is most associated with kingdoms?
Manny refused to give the court respect, and was charged with what?
Where does the red cross respond to a storm?
The sloth of a man was convicted of the crime caused by his apathy, he would spend at least a hundred hours finally doing a what?
They were all sitting down and getting comfortable, this doesn't always necessarily require a what?
The dog loved to run after ball, it would do it over and over until it would what?
Where can a human relax?
Where could you find many people standing inside?
What can large amounts of water do over long periods of time?
What does going to party with the opposite sex lead to?
Where would children go to see different animals?
What can be the feeling of someone  giving assistance?
John lives in a farmhouse.  There are many farmhouses close together.  You might describe this place as what?
Zeus was one of many men that were this in mythology?
Why would you stop chatting with friends?
The friends enjoyed getting together to play cards, even though one of them always won because he was what?
John hated lying.  It made him do something.  What did lying make him do?
If competing with others what emotion is useful for getting an advantage?
Where would a dance club be the furthest in the same direction as the side that won the Civil War?
The Coast Guard is a police force that often does what?
When you swimming underwater you must come to the surface so you can do what?
What event would a well dressed person visit a box office for?
What does someone gain from getting divorce?
The chief of police was answering questions as fast as possible, what was he trying to avoid?
What do you compete against someone in?
Where are you likely to find a corner shop selling hats?
How can someone use their thinking to do things a new way?
What is a good way to get food hot?
When children are in a hurry, what might they do?
If you have an underlying heart condition, what might running twenty six miles cause?
Where would you get some tin if you do not have any?
Why do people start to play sports at the gym?
If a person has nothing they have to do they are said to have what?
What does a person do at the end of the day?
The work was pure math.  It couldn't be what to practical applications?
How does a maid start her work?
Where do kids in elementary school keep grapes?
The man needed representation for arbitration, and a professional decided on giving assistance, what are they trying to avoid?
Why do people go to see others playing baseball?
He tried to remain calm but his wife was completely what?
When their litter box is full where might a cat go to the bathroom?
How is cheese kept freshest?
What do people who are construction workers do?
Where might an expressway leave the Us to go?
What is needed when creating art that includes singing?
Where is there likely to be a large volume of text?
Who take stand in a trial to help a case?
What does eating hamburgers to fast lead to?
When you want to see new items what do you have to do?
Each generation thinks the next's what just sounds like noise?
Where do soldiers not deployed eat their food?
The work was done and it was a success, it was now time to what?
The steel cable could be used to pull the tug if Steve had what?
What does eating lunch accomplish?
He needed to convert an inch measurement, to what system did he look?
The team was able to communicate effectively, they knew what each other would what?
The president keeps his pajamas where?
John is in a dressing room changing into shorts and sweat pants.  What sort of building is he most likely to be in?
Sam likes to eat in restaurants, but he always forgets to do what?
What does a server need to be to serve customers well?
Where would you put something after an iron has been used on it?
Though they were more safe in the basement the weather still put them what?
What burning  feeling is eating hamburger in large amunts likely to cause?
John plays brass instruments in a band that has a lot of diverse people in it and many different instruments.   They mostly play at clubs.  What sort of band might he be in.
Waiting for a bus that has already came and went would be an example of bad what?
Washing clothes at the laundromat was time consuming, most people waited and would do what?
Where do investment bankers hang out in the suburbs?
The person was shocked when the FBI talked to her about some facebook posts, what did the person want?
The teacher could write off paper clips, this was because they were necessary for her what?
The class got to tour the launch pad, one student looked up imagining all the shuttle launches from where?
You'd find a metal rod or two in welding, home improvement, and manufacturing whats?
When deciding how to shop cereal, what decision to most cereal manufacturers make?
Where can you find the U.S. federal government?
What can you use hear other people but not be heard yourself?
If I'm not free, what am I?
Where do I store folding chairs for religious experiences?
When the US is at war, where will it likely drop bombs?
He was having a hard time breathing, on top of the mountain it was thin what?
The toddler is awaking from a nap, what doesn't he feel anymore?
If you think that the surface of the road is not good, what would you do?
What does a person try to do in a dangerous situation?
What does a person do in a garden?
He turned off his phone to avoid every single call, all anybody was going to hear from him today was his what?
A monkey with a knife was spotted picking bananas from a tree.  Where might that monkey have been?
The artificial intelligence was constantly analysing the data, it was programmed to always be what?
In December how can you throw water at your friends?
John is drinking down the highway and he's quite lost.  Where might he go to buy a map?
Jerry was entertaining because he had a super sense of humor.  He brought what to many people?
Where would you find a railing you hold on to while moving up?
A snake is not something you want to come across on a plane, but it's most likely to happen while out in mother what?
Where do movies often depict a subway station?
What do you need to be able to understand testimony after hearing testimony?
All the students had to gather for the announcement, as it wrapped up the students began to what?
Who might end up with a wound from lying in bed?
How does water become ice?
Sarah wanted to surprise her husband. He failed because he had already down what what regarding the trip?
What does a police officer in their sixities?
Where is a good place to be an automobile?
What is the goal of a poor person having food?
He didn't know a blowfish was edible, he was surprised to see it at the what?
Where do people usually have a table?
Sally wanted to keep her saltshaker some place where she could find it but where it would be out of the way.  Where might she have put it?
How might we get so far up into the air around Earth, we cannot be seen?
Which horseman of the apocalypse is often depicted next to death?
How might people acting quirky and abnormal be described as?
Where would a loose weasel cause the most destruction?
What might people do to protect their legs from getting dirty on the farm?
When a man is watching tv and a nude women comes on, they tend to get?
The only thing left of the ancient giants lizards are fossils and what?
Where is a good place to find a plate in the home?
If your joke is funny you will not experience surprise if someone does what?
Some people hate attending meeting, they're worried it'll bore and they will what?
Why do parents tell kids to play games?
What does a bus station have to be near?
What do you want to do when you go to performance that is interactive?
What does someone committing perjury likely doing?
What sort of hall do you have a large meeting in?
People often describe what as a giant wall of water?
What do people break into a brownstone to steal?
She enjoyed the song, it was a famous one about a girl with eyes that where what?
What may jogging make you feel like?
Why would someone not want to be cogitating?
A wild animal got in and destroyed the carpeting, who is likely at fault?
Where does an audience come every week to listen to a person speaking?
The children all got their shot to become actors, the school was putting on a what?
If a person has clean laundry in the basement, what will they have to do in order to put it away in the bedroom?
What would people do if they need money badly?
Where would an apple tree be near the grave site of Nelson Mandella?
Where might someone have a statement printed?
When shopping for an expensive product you should do what to make sure you get the best deal?
Where do you typically find a lizard generally?
What do you build when you exercise vigorously?
Where could you find thousands or millions of office?
A surprising strike is likely to start this. What is it?
The best way to cure boredom at a high elevation with no buildings around is to do what?
Where would a snake hide before ambushing prey?
They were hoping to attract visitors, so they installed lights, where were they installed?
Where is the ficus tree native to?
What do you do when your friend can't lift groceries themselves?
Killing people wasn't enough for him, he was out for revenge and wanted to cause them what?
Where can someone find a shiny advertisement?
Why does a person go to a soup kitchen?
The American Civil war was fought to free people from what?
What can exercising cause?
Where would you put nails to stop them from damaging other things nearby?
Washing clothes manually leads to what?
When I was driving, I saw a lot of emergency vehicles up ahead.  What might have happened?
The carpet needed to be calm and and productive, where was it being installed?
Singers go to a studio to do what?
Why does someone engage in chatting with friends when they want to workout?
Cameron was sleeping under the covers.  He was hunkered down because it was about to do what?
If you're suffering from hunger what you likely to do with your meal?
What midwestern area is likely to have a marmot running free?
Where might a television used at night be?
Sean put his groceries away and then went to his room to use his computer.  Where would he have put the teabags?
Where could a human run to hide if someone was chasing them in the midwest?
In American it is possible for someone to grow up poor and end up what?
Where might someone get beads on a balcony?
When a person is on trial for killing, what is a jury likely to decide?
Where is a good place to keep a butcher knife?
Sally's boss told her to stop playing.  She was being very loud.  What was she playing?
Where would you bring a picnic basket filled with food?
The teacher took great pride in her work, she loved getting kids to what?
Where can you see a cannon and learn about the past?
Billy didn't know what to do.  He had just bought a huge ficus, but he has no where to put it.  It was just too gid for his house.  Right now, the ficus waited outside in something. What is the ficus in?
If there is a creature that you cannot see, where is it likely to be?
John pulled the cover over his head.  He was hoping that this would allow him to hide. Where is he hiding?
What material would you put on the walls and floor in a shower?
If you are going public store when sad how many you feel?
The previous hotel was bad, so what did the pleased visitor think of the hotel?
The dime store was full of old donated goods, it reminded the customer of the what?
What do you have to do at the store when you're buying beer?
What to you cause by hurting someone else?
Where is an inexpensive place to have a reception?
She was going to barbecue some kangaroo meat while camping in the outback, where was she?
When you want to get the skin off of an apple, you do what to it?
If one is a mechanic, what are they likely to order to their place of work?
Where is one not likely to find a ring road?
Shopping all day is likely to lead to?
What could a solicitor do that would gain revenue?
What can help you with an illness?
Where do you put a salad bowl after it's been used?
The place specialized in colorful arrangements, but the also had a toy balloon or two where?
She could watch people coming and going to all the different shops while at the beauty salon because it was located where?
What is the opposite of having fun?
While her husband golfed the wife preferred the tennis court, they were both happy with their membership where?
Why might someone park a moving car?
When you love someone, what will that person most likely do?
Where could there be more than one college?
where do humans go to escape cities?
Humans who want a sweet snack can do this instead of having candy?
The real estate agent that could get anybody to do anything was quite what?
The outdoor restaurant has no business when it rained, where should it move to?
What usually happens to you when you're gambling?
She was a horrible pet owner, she would put a what on her cat?
Where would you put a washcloth to clean it?
What can be the consequence of having many drinks when celebrating?
With enough helium a balloon can rise and rise high into the what?
What do you use to make confetti?
The man was set on discovering truth in the situation, even if that truth what?
He was suffering from boredom, the security guard would let him grind his favorite spot on his what?
What do kids have to do before they can go outside a house?
Where does a person use an expressway to get around quickly?
What is a computer user using Zillow have as a goal?
Where could you have fun with lots of people around you?
Where can I find a constitutional monarchy with a parliamentary democracy and federation?
What does every person talk out of?
There are many sayings and metaphors about flirting, which one could be found in a machine shop?
The mall can usually be found in what part of a large group of houses and businesses?
When a person is living on the streets they likely what?
Where could you find millions of brownstone?
Bill's horse escaped it's paddock and ran away to some place it could be free. Where might it have gone?
Where is a good place for a woman to store her sunglasses?
What negative thing might someone experience if they spend time learning about a subject that is very complex and difficult?
The aging rockstar had to finally stop playing guitar, his hands just wouldn't cooperate because of the what?
What is a positive feeling that you might get after going jogging?
Where would you get maps if you do not have them and want to keep them?
What does a performer stand on?
What could stop someone from opening business?
The car was out in the sun all day, what happened to the interior?
Light, games, and music are part of what celebration?
Where is a market likely to be enclosed?
Sam liked procreating.   He didn't care about the children, but he loved a specific part of it.  What did he enjoy?
If I see a laptop on a table, where might I be?
John liked to listen to music while he read.  He felt it helped him do what?
He watched the team play every Sunday, but this was the first time the fan would enter a what to see a snap live?
Where would you not be able to find a radio studio?
As the round object rolls down the ramp it will what?
A rock hit the windshield while he was on the highway, it caused him to nearly crash his what?
He would entertain with a pool party regularly, it was the best way to beat the what?
If I go outside and look down, what will I find outside?
What happens to your car when you're driving to work?
Regular pants are sometimes not long enough if a person is very what?
John cared for Sally, but Sally couldn't return his feelings. She only felt what?
John slept on a mat along with other children. Where is john?
They were very careful transporting the holy artifact, the last thing they wanted to do was deliver it what?
Where is a tin likely to be stored?
What do people work on by exercising?
They were worried about the fruit staying fresh in the heat, so they put it in the what?
On what would you serve an egg to someone?
Where were there recently a lot of closing sales?
Where can you get a french horn to take home with you?
What could you find in a bookstore that is not for sale?
The roommates were young and irresponsible, it was always a mess at their what?
What do criminals do when they are caught?
What is likely to be a long term negative consequence of of over eating hamburger?
Why might someone decide to having a checkup for followup?
What proof is required to purchase beer?
They wanted to build a new entertainment complex down town, but the costs were doing what to the budget?
Grumpy is grooming himself because he's been told that his appearance can impact his mood, and he wants to be what?
What can a vehicle do to groceries?
A small dog lived with a a woman who loved him. Where might he have lived?
What is something that isn't the main focus of a video?
Sarah had trouble beginning work.  She was not doing what?
What area would you find a large number of wheat fields?
Boris was lying to Natasha. That dress did make her but look far.  But he wanted to avoid what?
He drew a ball using a compass, what quality did the drawing of the ball have?
Where are you likely to find well stocked aisles?
Where can butter be found in small pats?
Wanting to listen to the radio, what did the man do to it?
He is beginning work at his first job.  What is he feeling?
Why do children usually like jumping rope?
What do I look forward to when opening a business?
Where can someone get a flute?
Why do people go about killing people ?
What is eating an unhealthy meal likely to cause?
For what reason did he commit the killing?
Bobby sat on the examination table.  Happy that this was a simple procedure, and he could do it here instead of staying overnight some place else.  Where might he be?
Happy couples tend to what more so than unhappy couples that do it just as much?
Sally didn't know morse code, but that didn't stop her from trying to use what device?
Brian was a soldier.  he just got word that he was called back to active service.  He'd have to do what soon?
Where would you put things in a paper bag?
Competing viewpoints can lead to a what between two people?
The man wanted a new cereal bowl, where should he buy one?
Where would you put some coffee if you are thirsty?
I went to a party at my friend's house in New York and everyone there shared a meal in what eating place?
James loved going down.  He thought that the worst part of climbing was what?
What would you see if you are looking at people that are agreeing with each other?
Where might birds be on a statute?
Where would explosive devices be used to build and demolish things?
The hamburger were frozen from exposure, where were they?
When remembering a tragedy in the past, what do many people feel?
A child needs caregivers.  Who are the most common caregivers for a child?
Where do you bring a small dog if it needs to relieve itself?
Driving is the most popular form of personal what?
Where can you find many a squirrel outside of the city?
The woman let her son play with it in his room.  She did not do what?
What area is a human weasel likely to be found?
Where is likely the coziest plat to eat?
Where is a bunch of grapes likely to be carried in?
The car was overheating, where was it located?
The beach had a pathway for riding bike, peacefully cruising along brought many what?
What magical kingdom is miserable in the rain?
The monger removed the bone, what was he looking to serve?
If you're expressing yourself in a public forum, what may you experience?
What does running after balls lead to?
James was cooling off in the pool on a hot summer day.  Why might have he been doing that?
Where would you enjoy a beer while throwing heavy spheres toward ten white objects?
Where would you get a baseball if you do not have one?
The barn was torn to shreds and all the pieces of board became one projectile after another flying through the air, it was a powerful what?
The person was bored by the remedial math class, what did he want out of the class?
Sally needed a break from her hard work.  She took a vacation, and decided to do what to a sand castle?
What may be a characteristic of a healthy person?
Mary never allowed her animal friend to do what without a leash?
What is a good place for a grumpy cat?
The farmer needed to go to the dental office, where did he have to go after turning out of his field?
Where does blood travel in a person?
Simon brought his computer to up the stairs, through his door, and set it up by the sofa.  Where did he take the computer?
What could someone get into if he or she is becoming inebriated?
where would a good newspaper boy put a paper in the rain?
What is it called when a group is radically changing society?
They had room for many bedrooms, an office, a study, even a playroom; They certain had a what?
What could have a hot handle?
If paramedics are trying to rescue someone who tries to hit them, what will they have to do with their hands?
He fantasied about getting a what while driving to work and the pros and cons of the extra responsibilities and benefits?
Attempting to light a wet match is likely to result in what?
What is the worst thing that someone can do while driving?
Where is the best place to put shoes?
James's hammer bent while he was driving nails. He needed a new one.  Where might he go to find one?
What happens when you get a blackout from amnesia?
A woodworker is missing a screw, where should he look for it?
Her dream was to own a house on the countryside, but instead she lived in a cramped apartment in the what?
The people were confused by the words being spoken, why would this be?
In a predicament an animal might choose flight or what?
What container does peanut butter come in?
The war was followed by a tentative peace.  People didn't think it would last because despite a desire to move forward, there rebuilding was difficult and there was a lot of what?
What could cats do if they were taller?
The snake was worried about predators overhead, where did it go for cover?
What helps someone be a good teacher?
Where can you take home a hermit crab?
What do you have for someone that you respect
What could happen to you after getting wet?
Why is someone getting drunk likely to sleep with someone they usually wouldn't approve of?
The family sought a new place to care for their elderly mother, due to lethargic staffing, what type of staff did the previous facility have?
Some human beings have chocolate in their pockets, what happens to them as a result?
What is likely to happen if you're doing housework all day?
Jenny doesn't like children. What might make Jenny like dislike children?
Where should meat to be used soon be?
Where does someone get a rubber for sex?
James tripped while running in the house.   His mother had repeatedly warned him to put his toys away but he did not listen. Where might his toys have been?
Where is a knight likely to be found in the US?
Large fluffy clouds do what to people who watch them?
She had to run errands that day, she did it right away because she prefers to what?
The person forgot to put a lid on the garbage, raccoons knocked all of it out of the what?
He worried about performing, he struck him with great what?
Sometimes when animals meet, what happens?
A judge was on his bench serving justice, what was his most important principle?
Where can you find a story in print?
Why would someone want to be eating?
Where would you go to learn how to play a french horn?
Joe crossed the half court boundary and focused on 3 pointers.  What game is his playing?
Other than water, sugar is the main ingredient in what?
It was a nice day out, good weather to fire up the grill out in the what?
Steve needed a place to sleep so he asked around and found a place to stay.  Where might he be staying?
The man reduced the town to rubble out of hate, what was his goal?
What does a child learn to do in a lake?
David was lost but he couldn't remember where he put the map.  He knew that he had it the last time he stopped.  He remembered getting out his toothbrush and brushing, then putting everything up. Where might the map be?
Where do you keep a chess board?
They were going to play at the theater, part way through there was a what?
Where would you carry a small folding knife?
Where would you go if you want to get a newspaper with a specific title?
If you want to find a star you'd have to look in space, but if you wanted to find one from the screen you should travel to where?
I was in a kitchen that I didn't know, so I informally asked where the spoons were, where was I?
Where might a bald eagle soar in clear skies?
What is it called when animals produce offspring?
What do you use petrol to power?
I was depressed and my friends threw me a party, why did they do that?
Sam wasn't in a rush to shop.  That allowed him to be more mindful and do what?
Where could you find a stray small dog?
Thousands of companies and a rosebush call what place home?
The small dog spent a lot of time with the elderly, where did he volunteer?
Billy bought some silk clothing for his wife.  What might he have gotten?
His friends leg began to shake with nerves, he reached out and grasped it so it would what?
Bill was a weasel, but he's a weasel you wanted on your side.  He held what?
Where can you learn about the anatomy of a blowfish in print?
Where are you likely to find water underneath?
Talking to others can make you feel better, but when the people you talk to are mean, then can cause what?
Everyone is ordinary but we are often told we are what?
what can one add to a building to increase it's size?
Where might someone drive through rows of apple tree?
Most animals get tired, and when they do they what?
Where would you buy candy and other foods?
The claustrophobic person was getting in line, what did they feel?
The horse had given so many rides that day, that they didn't know where to find him except where his favorite toy was next to his dinner and bed?
What was the practical husband concerned most about when house shopping?
Where do you hear a stringed instrument?
I am a person, and I bought this with my own money.  What can I say about it?
If I have a soapy sponge and a place to use it further away, how should I use it at that moment?
Dan is very creative. He likes to read and wants to make something like that.   On a rainy day he tries his hand.  What might he do?
Where might I find a decanter outside of drinking alcohol?
What will pass while washing clothes?
I feel hunger, but I don't want to get any food because work has been slow this month, what don't I want to do?
She was in a kitchen of people who just moved in to town, where was she?
John likes Disney films and there was nothing good on, so he decided to see what?
What has happened if you are agreeing with someone but do not keep the agreement?
If you wanted to put a lamp in the room where you sleep, where should it go?
Where is a good place to put a rosebush?
What is the goal of driving to work?
Where would you find a dime store along other such enterprises?
The paper towels are usually in plain sight in the kitchen, where did the dad go next to find them?
Where is an expressway unlikely to be found?
James doesn't like reading books before bed.  He has an active imagination and finds that late night reading gives him what?
What castle is built upon Castle Rock in Scotland?
What general area is a monkey found in?
Some people get carried away with shopping, they'll often be buying products they wouldn't even find themselves what?
When people eat more food than they need on a daily basis, what tends to happen?
Yesterday there was heavy rain and there's water standing everywhere, but it's coming down hard again, and this time it's cold, what sort of storm is it now?
Someone who is not a citizen of your country is considered to be what?
Using addictive drugs is a bad what?
The vegan was tired of being hungry, what did she do to alleviate it?
The  broken bathroom faucet sprayed liquid high up into the air , like what?
What is likely to happen if humans act carelessly?
All the other locations had new high prices, so the old single screen what suddenly saw an uptick in customers?
Justin couldn't dance long because he experienced what?
They were marked up in price but he didn't want to go to the department store, so he just got a disposable razor where?
What city is likely to have many Mexican restaurants?
Where would most people think putting feet is disgusting?
Where do you store a salad bowl when not in use?
Tuna surprise is not an especially flavorful dish in fact it is quite what?
Joe found a man sleeping in a cardboard box that was used to transport boxes of shoes.  Where is the box most likely located?
Today's lesson was on the tennis court, they really kept the paying patients busy where?
The lizard frightened the hiker, it's movements made what rustle?
When people get tired and would like to take a nap, the often go?
WHere do photographers post pictures alongside articles?
The teacher said she doesn't want to hear anybody talk, she wanted complete what?
What do you need to do to be able to have lunch?
He had been running for a very long time, he knew it was time to stop because he was what?
Where might a tabby cat be most happy?
Where would one find a snake on a mountain?
Where are plants likely to be handled by a city employee?
John didn't have any memory of the previous week and it was getting worse.  He was doing what to his entire life?
She was really hoping for queen so she could win, what was she involved with?
Bill's noticed that one of his tires was flat when he got home from Toronto.   Where would he take his car next?
What is the natural instinct of someone not known as a fighter when filled with fear?
The person was stood up on a date, what was his reaction?
What is likely to happen immediately a rash killing?
The crab was being shipped to be eaten, where was he heading?
I was intoxicated and driving my car, what would I do with havoc?
Billy wasn't good at communicating with other people so he took a found a mentor and put a lot of effort into doing what?
What is an uncomfortable consequence of jumping rope?
I as a person like to enjoy expensive things, why do I do that?
If you've ended your visit with someone, what happens next?
Sometimes the wealth of another country will cause the greed of the leadership to attempt to do what?
The shark followed the fish down into the dark water, where did the shark go?
Aberdeen is a large city in what country?
If people are competing in dangerous events, what could happen?
Where can you find dancing and a bar?
When you examine thing at a store for a long time you feel this?
A human could have the sweats from working out, but if they wake up with them they probably what?
She was contemplating which make-up to where, what prompted her to think about this?
What would be a good name for a small dog?
Where would a bald eagle be safest?
The golfer was great at keeping a calm exterior as he finished up his final shots, but inside he was what because he knew he had won?
What are is most likely to have a kosher deli?
What place has many coasts and is a place where you could find a sloth?
If you have cleaned off dust here it may be difficult to do your homework where?
John loved plants because of how they look.  What part does John like best?
What will be made easier during good weather in the winter?
Where can you put your plants to make sure they get plenty of sunlight?
Where might a small dog run in packs?
Jeremy is mastering a music scale, where should he find books on the matter?
People who do not care about quality food are said to have what?
What do you want to do to fat when you release energy?
Where does a car belong?
When you're getting drunk and stumbling what might you be feeling?
Nobody likes a pile of them in the driveway, but a snowflake sure looks peaceful in the what?
The farmer knew the potatoes wouldn't grow in the city, so where did he look for a plot?
Where do you play board games?
What is a square constructed of?
What is someone likely to do when trying to memorize something?
The cashier enjoyed her job.  Her workplace was informal, and she loved antiques. Where might she be working.
John is surrounded by water.  There is no land in sight.  He was going from Britain to America, when his vessel went down. Where might he be?
what is a type of science?
She wanted to try out her brand new hair dryer, but her hair practically dried on it's own before she got it out of the well packaged what?
The padding was covered with mold, he never would've seen it if he didn't pull up the what?
Sarah opened her newspaper to the second page and sat where?
If you're drinking what body part does most of the work?
It might make you think of buckeyes, but an apple tree also grows well in which of the fifty?
Where might a ficus be at the entrance?
What moving object will a person be happy to have?
One way to resolve confusion here is to raise my hand. Where am I?
What is a person that is able to create art called?
When someone is having fun what will that result in emotionally?
When buying beer what is it you give the cashier and they give you back less of?
Where is a mouse likely to enter a house?
A sailor has to do a lot of prep work before the ship can leave, but what is the first step he must take?
Where can you find a barber shop north of the U.S.?
Sarah drank from a water fountain, like many before her.  Where might she be?
My ficus isn't in my house, but it is protected from bugs, where did I place it?
The general didn't like it, but sometimes it is something you have to do, what did he do?
What does a child want to do after school?
The shuttle was inverted onto the launch platform, who was operating it?
What is used just before leaving a barber shop?
Where would a gazelle like to run?
What is something that people could walk on and that could have a steel cable attached to it?
What will happen if you are performing successfully?
John was driving to work and running late, what did he feel?
If a person is at a crossroads decision point, what might is affect for them?
The dog was wild and didn't listen to its owner, the person had never given it what?
Bill had to pay tax on the full price in spite of the fact that he received what?
Hurting someone else may cause what consequences for the offender?
where did the girl drank a cup of coffee?
James couldn't get into the event, because the ticket office was sold out.  He was sad, but not that sad.  He didn't like football, anyway.  Where might James have been?
Though it was mostly overlooked, he thought he gave a very thoughtful reply to the what?
Where does litter land when you throw it away?
What is a negative consequence of learning about the world?
Where does a wild cat usually live?
Wood has been replaced by what in most people's dwellings?
If you say farewell to a group of children what gesture might they make?
You are covered with what when you're having a bath?
Two basketball teams were on the court playing ball. The first team had over 100 points while the second team trailed by more than 50. It was almost certain that the second team would do what to the game?
Where goes well beyond the world to other worlds?
What could happen to someone if he or she finds out that he or she is going somewhere?
The old clothes weren't even useful as rags, they belonged where?
The machine only took quarters, and he only had enough for one load at the what?
Sam didn't want to join a union, but he had no choice.  He was employed at a union shop. If he didn't want to join, he's have to leave what?
What is learning about the world and it's injustices  likely to cause?
What is a negative effect of getting divorce that does not involve people other than the person getting divorced?
What city is known for having a nightclub scene?
Where would you see a stranger that is planning to use a large vehicle made up of multiple sections that are attached to each other?
How can students be social when completing assignments?
He seemed to be second guessing the plan so she shocked him with a kiss, she had to do this to what him into continuing with the plan?
The exhausted man needed to have rest, he soon fell to what?
What would someone tell a person they possessed if they sing well?
Where would you need to use a writing instrument?
Where  are kids likely to be found in a school cafeteria?
The botanist knew the plant was living, what did he observe that led him to know that?
What is a farmer growing in Illinois or Iowa?
He enjoyed the factory work, he liked the idea that he did what for sale?
After the windstorm it needed replacing, he decided to get a heavier tile what?
Many people complain after jumping up and down of which dizziness and?
Diligently taking care of proposals got him good what?
When you want to see a picture frequently, where might you put it on your computer?
What area is likely to have at least one concert hall?
An expert performing on stage is hoping to do what?
what color are rose flowers typically?
After a long day of teaching and an afternoon of grading homework the teacher was hungry so she began to what?
How is someone likely to feel about a person hurting someone else?
Before computers or cellphones a dictionary was an important tool for teachers and students in the what?
John threw the trash on the field, which annoyed everyone.  Where might John be?
Joe hated taking phone calls during lunch.  He found anything that interrupted his meal to be a what?
When you're creating art and are interrupted constantly you will likely feel what?
The couple was attempting procreating night after night, between that and work it was leading to what?
Why would people talk about a problem with each other?
It was impossible to find a parking garage, so James took a bus whenever he wanted to go where?
James raked fallen leaves into a pile. Where might he leave the pile?
How does a cat usually sleep?
Playing poker can be casual, but for others they play in tournaments for the prizes and challenge of what?
What can't viruses do without infecting a host cell?
Where would you find rows and rows of speakers?
If a politician is poor and doesn't take bribes because he wants to serve his constitutions well he is doing it to be what?
The Mongallan gazelle to the southern region of where?
Where did the two best friends end up having a slumber party?
Sally noticed that the sword was straight.  She wanted one with a different type of blade. What type of sword did she want?
He had a lot on his plate opening business, this cause a lot of what?
Some people like to live life fast, they participate in activities that can what?
What can happen with too much relaxing?
John was waiting for his plane for hours.  His butt hurt from sitting in a hard plastic chair all that time.  But it was still better than sitting on what?
What might a person do on their birthday or Christmas
After the magic show they returned to their hotel, there was lots to see where?
A bald eagle flies over St. Paul, where is it?
Someone with a disability caused by a stroke looses what in the left side?
Where would a floor be covered in clothes?
James is an anthropologist.  He believes that creating art was one of the earliest forms of what?
If you ate some turkey, what could happen to you?
The security detail had to keep an eye on the entire crowd, they were constantly scanning all the what?
Sam loved buying Christmas presents. Giving to others made him feel what?
What do you need to do so that other people can use television?
John went to sleep on his couch and was dreaming that he was fighting a giant whale in the ocean. When he woke up he was outside in the rain, wrestling an inflatable chair.  What was John doing?
A ruler is likely to hold court where?
The peaceful nation was scared of their neighbor amassing troops at the border, what behavior did they fear?
What term would be used when a student is taught by their family?
Joe was a weasel, but he wasn't the sort who you kept was a pet.  He was the sort that used complex words that carried multiple different meanings.  Where might you find Joe
There is a cave near the capital of Charleston, where is the cave at?
Where do you bring empty food cans?
Denny couldn't find his hairbrush.  He looked everywhere for it.  Under and over, up and down, it was not where he thought it would be.  So he closed the door behind him and continued his systematic search.  Where might Denny have looked first?
A person with mental illness who stops their medication may have symptoms do what?
Where would you find the closest items made from wood?
If you cannot see a cloud because it is too dark, what can you distinguish?
Sam thought that his money would grow, instead his savings only did what?
A plant must do what to make another grow?
Where can one find a store that sells sports equipment?
When you niece is a child what relation of your would she live with?
The antarctic ocean touches a few others, but the next in line alphabetically is which one?
What negative emotions or feelings can learning cause?
Where in a town would you see trees near houses?
If I am forgiving, what might people think I have?
What is a simple game to play with children using a round toy?
Where can I go to see a really big toy balloon floating at the top of a dome?
She dug around her what, but just could not find the baby bottle she swore she packed?
When you lift a cup to take a drink when your hand is headed back to the table you are doing what with it?
Where is the closest place you would cook bbq?
What does a person use to fight off disease?
He was ready to bike home, he got out his key and began to what?
Joe was driven by curiosity to take up a career doing what?
The man picked from an apple tree outside of Chicago, where did the apple come from?
In a religious sense where would a lemur be found?
What is usually too small for a cat to fit into?
The roses flowered in June.  Sarah loved smelling the what?
Everyone is special. Everyone has what?
The situation was a perfect series of disasters, it was just what?
What is the best thing teens can do right after school?
Where would a marmot be unable to walk to another continent?
You can find an anemone living in what kind of fluid?
Why is a person likely to stop eating hamburger and save the rest for later?
What country in North American can grow beans for a cup of coffee?
Joe was gentle when he was setting the cup on the table, because it didn't want to make any what?
If changing society happens, what could be an outcome?
Even if not all events are enjoyable, what is a person traveling to many different places likely to have?
Superman refuses to kill.  He does this because he feels that every life is what?
He thought all information should be esoteric in nature, he didn't like the notion of the what?
If you're a small dog owned by your father's mother, where would you live?
His rural dental office was never crowded, but since moving where it has been nonstop crowded?
If you're in someone's house, where would you be likely to find plants?
Jill read the newspaper every morning and then threw it away.  Where might she have read the paper?
What could other people be doing if someone is snoring?
If a baby is having a bath without an adult present, what might occur?
American humans just graduated high school, where are many of them bound?
Where is a corner shop selling derby souvenirs likely to be?
I was watching a film with explicit eroticism, what do I want to do?
James sat in a chair and listened to the speaker.  Where might James be?
Evening began to fall and the woods came to life with different animals that preferred the what?
Having food all the time can lead to what?
Where would you store a violin along with all of your other instruments?
Where could a projectile come from?
Who can I play with if I know how to play an upright piano?
The audience listened raptly.  They learned much from this.  What did the audience watch?
People wanted to get to their destination quickly, what did they invent?
Mimicry is a skill parrots use to do what?
If you hear about terrible injustices while reading a newspaper what can happen?
Where is liquor usually stored in a home?
If your evening meal isn't served on a dish, at what kind of eatery are you eating?
Billy bought pencils and put them in his what?
What is it called when the police take a suspect in to custody?
The comforter was used constantly and treaded upon by everyone, where should it be placed?
Family is always the best for devotion, but it is also nice if a person has what?
While doing housework you came across a dusty corner which caused you to start doing what?
Mandy was watching television because she had a long day.  She could do much else because she was experiencing what?
She let him know he was being over the top, and that his antics where a little what?
Someone is putting is carpeting that can handle shoes and heavy foot traffic, where is it being installed?
Where can someone get well water?
what is a characteristic of one who want to give assistance?
The arch was just one of many sites to see, but most preferred the stained glass at the what?
If I wanted to look at a drum, where would I go?
The text made no sense, it was just a random what?
The man was still up at 2:30 am, so he was using the television, what was he hoping he would accomplish?
What is water to someone?
Where did the farmer send the heifer to make money when she was no longer useful to the farm?
The art project called for a big wooden rod, so she went where to get one?
If you dont fail at life you are?
Worms are crawling out of the earth in the middle of rain, why are they?
Where are people likely to enjoy a show?
Where is homemade food often stored?
Where will you commonly get a potato with your order?
Where might you have to pay for a shopping bag now?
Where would the Air Force keep an airplane?
What is a computer terminal?
She was known for be soft and sensitive, but when all their wills were tested she was the only one who stood what?
There are many dance clubs and higher rates of obesity where?
A violin and three other instruments play in what?
If your opponents in a marathon is very fast it is easy to fall what?
Where do you have to fan yourself in public watching people run and throw balls?
I need to buy frozen food locally in the smaller shop, where would I go?
What is it called if a person has poor luck?
He was a great man, because of this he had to keep the hair of his what trimmed?
Sometimes people are wronged, and sometimes getting revenge brings them what?
Dan is always giving assistance.  He what does he want to create for people?
What do marine life use to shelter themselves from a shark?
Where do humans go to be entertained and eat popcorn?
WHen someone is talking too much it causes what in other people?
What type of dwelling would a small dog like to live in?
Where do you go when you're about to board a vehicle on railing?
Where are doctors known for going in their off time?
Where can you find a revolving door at a location you spend the night?
Bill was on a diet, but that didn't matter.  He cared most about his audio quality.  He had to turn up the gain because the high-impedance equipment he used cause what to volume?
Where is a bridge likely to be found?
Where would you find a lizard that is owned by someone with high income?
After studying science for years, what did the agnostic person begin to lose?
After studying many self-help books, what did he feel in his heart?
How can you distinguish garbage from other things?
Billy found it easy to divide 9, because 9 was a what of 3?
Where do you see tiny bottles of shampoo when away from home?
The electricity went out and nobody could see or hear the band, what was being attempted?
Where does a potato become softer?
Space is the most important character on a keyboard. What basic thing do you need space to write?
Someone left their shopping bag behind when they grabbed a bit to eat, where is the bag likely?
She complained about the radio, what was it doing?
What does the government sometimes have too much of?
When you drive and see someone walking across the street what do we do?
Where is the wrong place to throw garbage?
WHat is the central bank responding to when they are fighting inflation?
Where could you find some plumbing that would not be of use to you if you are thirsty?
The police were well liked and respected, it was easier for them to interact with the community since it was a small what?
He was lost going up and down the long hall, it must've been a very what to contain a hall that long?
Through the colorful pages the koala went on quite the adventure, the parent thought it made for a good what?
Where might I find information on current events in print form?
What has a pocket for a hydration pack full of water?
What can cause failure even with reduced goals?
Where could you find millions of jellyfish?
Where is a small dog likely to be well groomed?
They kept talking during the movie, for others it was quite a what?
Where do you find spirits on Halloween?
Where is the closest dining table not in your home?
The child always talked about being hungry, but the mom was in a hurry, what did the child have to do?
The Andes pop up through many countries, alphabetically starting with where?
What do people usually tie a ribbon around as a present?
Many examples of the stone arch have found that date back to what civilization?
Where might a milking machine be located?
The star was lonely, what did it wish it was part of?
The poet was being analyzed by younger people, where was this happening?
What is a teacher trying to impart to their class?
He was morally upright and knew he was strong, so who should he protect?
Where did Europeans take their slaves from?
Why should people try learning language for business settings?
The kids showed excitement getting ready and getting in the car, they were ready to what?
The student wasn't sure of the answer, what could they do to find it?
What do you have when you are learning?
Authors have a wide range of emotions from relief to happiness when they finally what?
Where is there likely to b more than one desk drawer?
James consumed a liquid.  What did he most likely use to hold the liquid?
When generals want to drop bombs, what vehicle do they need?
Old folks who are living in facilities are often lonely, what do they need?
What might a good person experience after killing someone?
When the woman was thinking about her failures in life, what did she feel?
Discovering truth normally occurs at what part of a research process?
What might an elderly person install a railing on to help them pull themselves up?
Where is a beam likely to be created?
John spent time relaxing because  he was told he needed to do what?
The receptionist lady loved to use a rubber stamp on her notes, she was the most pleasant person in the whole what?
A person's hand hurts after hitting the bottle. What might happen to the bottle?
People of faith believe what is a vessel for the soul?
He was finally able to experience seeing his idea become reality, how  is he likely to feel?
John runs a small corner shop.   If you were walking on a sidewalk near it, where would you look for it?
Movies which contain unusual or unexpected events which are lighthearted in tone are trying to be what?
Where is a good place to purchase a contraceptive?
Why would water come out of someones eyes ?
Settling in to see your favorite show is a great way to do what after a hard days work?
What can one do better after learning about a subject?
If a group of friends have gathered after reading a book they are likely about to have a what?
Josh was experiencing hunger so he took his keys and his wallet and did what?
Where does a hat go when you wear it?
It was directed towards women but it was mostly couples who what?
He wanted his chesterfield near his magazine rack, where does he put it?
The trainer told him to keep doing the same exercise, he said he had to keep doing it until he what?
What do teachers often do after teaching a lesson?
We live in a small town and when we want to have a nice meal out we go where?
How do people evaluate what to buy at a shop?
what is the cartridge of a bullet called?
The grain-seller needed dry storage, where should he put it?
When you get down to the primal basics, flirting causes what?
Where would you find many shower curtain being used?
Where does a drug dealer like to hang out?
Dave felt that punishing John for making a mistake would be wrong.  It would not be just. It would only be what?
A man is supposed to walk closer to the street when with a?
Where could there be a floating cottage?
Older stars collect in groups called what on the outer regions of a galaxy?
How does a bishop move from one place to another?
When a farmer is gaining more land what is the expected positive consequence?
Care not to burn you hand on the handle of what small high-walled vessel?
Why does someone make sure they are eating breakfast?
What is a possible injury from jumping rope?
What is the most likely feature of a cat that you can see in the dark?
Where is likely to have a walk in type wardrobe?
Bobby found the lamp beside him when he got up. Where was the lamp?
Joe kept all of his school books on a shelf where he could easily get to them when he wanted to study.  Where was this shelf likely located?
The man was riding bike very quickly, clearly he had to what?
The mental patient suffered confusion, what were his doctor's trying to decipher?
What could happen after you start family due to babies crying?
The family wanted to live with carpeting, so where did they end up putting it?
What is someone likely to have after going into a trance?
His studying was going nowhere, he returned the dictionary to under the wobbly leg of the what?
The house had expensive insurance, this was because the what had an established history of flooding?
Where would you keep paper files you're currently working on?
People put sugar in what black beverage?
If you have a punishing work schedule what may you experience?
The employees were complaining about lack of air conditioning, so where did the boss decide to install it?
What do we feel when we run out of energy?
Mildew is a type of fungus you most often find where?
Following a killing, what are the police likely to begin?
What can a child do to quietly pass the time?
They wanted to go on a road trip, they picked each highway to take them on their way across where?
Though its intentions are for the people, freedom often finds itself cast aside under many historical examples of what?
The religious man was explaining that his faith was something that only he could what?
The blood was everywhere in the operating room, what were the surgeons operating on?
A cat is a carnivore which means they don't do what?
I am looking for a gift for someone I barely know, where do I look?
The membrane could be observed through magnification, it protected the what?
After getting a divorce, what is your marital status?
Where would you get a keyboard if you do not have one?
Where would you go if you wanted to buy clothes as well as other things?
Where in Northern Europe would you find many canals?
James needed a new lamp so he went where?
Where is a master control likely to be in a technology company?
If a person spends a lot of time hitting the bottle, what might he have?
In a court what group passes a sentence?
Whenever I play chess, the other person seems to anticipate my moves, what can they do?
There was a large trash can in front of a building. What type of building might it be?
If a person acts in a manner that embarrasses themselves and family their behavior is what?
What would cause someone to gain weight and be goingto bed early?
What is the goal of the activities of students?
The twisted kidnapper laid out the deal, killing seemed to be the only way the victim could gain his what?
Attending a lecture given by an expert will allow will lead to what?
The boy had a lot of might, but he had something else, and the villain learned how to exploit his what?
What writing device uses an electric motor and has a keyboard?
Most people won't always say what they mean.   They're twisty like that.  They want to avoid conflict. You have to use your brain if you want to understand.    What do most people due sometimes?
Where is a suitcase stored while a person travels by air?
A flask is a container can, it is made to hold what?
The shelf was irregularly shaped, where should it be placed to avoid sticking out in high-traffic areas?
Alexa wants to eat lunch  but she left her lunchbox and wallet at home.  John gives her a twenty so that she can go out and do what?
Jamie started fiddling when she was 13. It was an exciting thing for her.  She'd never played an instrument before and was thrilled.  What might have been thrilling for her?
Where would you put a ticket?
What does a Christian do when they get what they needed?
The women were scantily clad but did their jobs well.  It was easy to use sex to do what?
Where do you get served alcohol in a mug?
I knew a person who hated hospitals, so when she was in her last days what was her wish?
What do people do if they do not like each other?
Joe had a key to a rented locker at what type of place?
What is often the purpose of a shopping basket?
If want to drink something politely, what vessel should I use?
Sam examined the thing closely.  He was interested in it, and he wanted to do what?
If you playing baseball and you miss a swing it is called what?
What country currently contains the river danube?
What was used to cut through royal necks in the French Revolution?
The student was having difficulty finding information in the book, so he raise his hand and began to what?
James and Ruth were getting a divorce.  It was amicable, but it wasn't happy.  There was a lot of what emotion?
Danny thought about fixing up his floor and making it look good. What might he use to do what?
Where could you find a tennis game?
Where might a person go if they need urgent care for a wound?
If something is dull, what would it be after you fixed it?
He really enjoyed the restaurant, when he got home he gave it what?
Greg couldn't pay the cash advance fee, and thus was dinged for what?
If you started killing people for no reason, what are you likely to lack?
What could happen after relaxing for a long time by not doing anything?
If a beautiful person sprays you with a hose what will you be?
The man was watching TV instead of talking to his wife, what is he avoiding?
The woman could not see her small dog but she could hear it where is it likely to be?
Joe loved the smell of the food on their plates.  It really made his what flutter?
Stress can affect your mood, sometimes even leading to what?
All humans store urine in what organ?
Where do people go to pray?
She considered a wig, her hair had begun to what up top?
Colorado became one of the first to legalize recreational marijuana in the what?
Where in a building would you play a board game?
The man needed to visit the shopping arcade but wanted to avoid crowds, where did he go?
The small dog looked longingly into the warm home and laughing family, what did it want?
They were surprised that he enjoy rap, but he explained that every genre has what?
What is the largest group of books in North America?
Where is a stereotypical place you would find police?
Where do you keep more than one drop of blood?
A worker who never makes much money or status will what?
Jack saw little point to communicating beyond the basics.  To him, it was just a means to do what?
She would only buy things on sale as to what?
What might someone shout when he or she is frustrated?
What divider is found in a house that has couches and chairs in it?
Wood framing is the skeleton for what?
Rather than fly out for his vacation he decided to take bus, this was a great way of what?
There were countless items there a kid would love, but all he wanted was the toy balloon at the what?
Though never finishing high school, why did she like reading?
Where is the most plumbing in a house likely to be found?
While moving the antique a wooden rod fell out, but since it was just part of the chimes what was still functional?
Where can you find a rubber shark as a villain?
He said he also wanted in, he threatened to tattle what?
Where are horses found in fields?
What type of building is a bank?
If I can feel material, then where am I generally speaking?
Where would you find food packaged in MRE's?
Where could you find a library that only people of a certain age usually visit?
Jill walks to the second floor and sits in her cubicle, where is she?
What is a heat source that can be obtained for free?
A traveler from Atlanta wants to meet friends in Hong Kong, so he drives where?
Doctors gave sedative to the patient complaining of pain, what did he say afterwards?
Where could you buy an old pie safe with decorative tin?
Where would you buy an icebox built a hundred years ago?
A person is traveling to find fine carpeting, where might they go?
Where does a well known fox movie take place?
What part of a an area would a disco be found in?
He leaned the beam over the flooded gap to create a makeshift what?
When James flew to see his sister across the country, the first thing he looked for was a bar.   Where might Jame's sister have lived?
In what environment would you expect to find a shark?
What is the opposite of progressive?
What is someone likely hoping to gain from learning?
If a person accidentally harms another person, what happens to them?
There are hundreds of bars and eateries in what east coast metropolis?
Where could a bee die due to lack of oxygen?
What do you do to get ready to compete in body building?
She was not lying intentionally, but she had a powerful what?
What could have space for some food?
What must someone purchase if they plan on going to a play?
Where do you wait in a reception area to get a key?
A good habit each morning is eating breakfast, but not too much, because then I'd be guilty of what?
I was creating art, what would be my end product?
Cats always tickle me with their?
What do all people have at first but later might not have?
When experiencing loneliness who would be a good person to see?
What could you do to a river when you go fishing?
What will someone like be if they receive a surprising bill?
Most of the country can be described as something.  What can it be described as?
When getting in shape you need to have this in between workouts?
Why do people like getting wet in the summer?
Where would you get an eyeglasses case if you do not have one?
Where are thousands of acres of farmland and Mt. Rushmore?
The spy left the record at the drop, his handlers could be seen doing what?
Sweet is a great taste on its own, but it also goes great with what?
Noise takes the form of static in a radio what?
WHat do you need to do when you buy something so you dont overspend?
A cat wants to sleep, how will it lay?
Where are you if a cow you've raised gets an award?
There was only one room in the place where Bill slept.  It had a bed, a fridge, a stove, a couch, and a television.  Where might he be?
James found two abandoned garbage cans behind an old building.  Where might they have been concealed?
Where can you put leftover soup?
Where might you use a forklift to stack boxes onto shelves?
Where would you find a cottage that gets flooded often?
In the battle they would fight enemy, their only goal was ultimate what?
The view was sharp in front of the flashlight after changing batteries, what was it like before?
What does living life too hard lead to?
What is the ping sent from a spam blog called?
The key to living life and not just existing is what?
What type of areas have parking lots for stores?
The student felt bad for his failure, he no longer felt what?
If I am near a river with flowing water, which planet am I likely on?
If you worked at an office building, where you might find a ficus tree?
Where can you buy material for making a pillow?
Jason seemed calm on the exterior, but his recent loses had made him what?
Where  might someone find lots of homes with a balcony railing?
In movies car chases usually wreck a what stand?
What happens when a person goes the wrong way?
What could be moved to stop a hinged door from moving?
The elephants had way more personality than he expected, he found the younger ones were quite playful and what?
What runway involves shoes that would not be seen on a drag queen?
What would a bee buzzing around a farm hope to find?
What might be the result if one is convicted of obstructing justice?
Where can you buy copy paper, pens and desks?
Where would you find a computer near very young people learning?
What the positive consequences of drinking alcohol?
What would be a good way to satisfy my curiosity?
Where is dust likely to be visible in sunlight?
James raised the stairs, but john wanted to get up too.  What did James have to do to the stairs?
The lizard was certainly out of its element in the bustling capital of San Jose, where was the lizard?
Where can you buy opera glasses that are old?
what is better than a paper clip to hold together paperwork in a hospital desk drawer?
James is a normal person, but sometimes he's under the weather.  Normal people feel what sometimes?
Fish have fins to move underwater, but can't walk because what?
John can't eat lunch right now.  He does not what?
What do dogs need to get so they behave appropriately?
The bird was tired, where did it land?
Where could you go on top of a superhighway?
Where is a pack horse likely to work?
If the captain of a crew was going to an arena, what type of crew would he be in?
Where will you find wheat planted?
Where are you likely to see more than one office building?
What causes someone to stop driving immediately?
The child was asked where his ear is, what did the child respond with?
The training explained his job was to serve customers, whatever they needed he should do what?
If a person isn't thick they are what?
The student was attending a lecture on engineering, what was he hoping to do?
If there is no windows in the area where are you likely to find a fire extinguisher?
Where would a sofabed be used only for guests?
She tried to show her grandma she could look up the restaurant's information on her smartphone, but the old lady wanted to just use the what?
What is something not optional, that I have to do?
What would you need to do to start work if you do not work in your house?
Where is building likely to be rapid?
Dan is driving a car.  His foot presses the accelerator.  The car should be doing what?
The churchyard was the furthest east in all the contiguous states, it was located in which?
What do you do to win when you compete against someone?
The dog really liked the treats, which was good since they were for the health of his what?
What would a paper be if the typing on the paper was made using foreign characters?
The ladies at the salon had plenty of curiosity, anytime someone came in they wanted to what?
The machine was very intricate, it was quite an what?
What is something bad not likely to be to anyone?
Where is someone living in new York City's bathroom located that they use the most?
The lady was eating less sweets and snacks, this did what to her weight?
The committee represent the rest of the members, they met every Sunday right after what?
What do you put on the surface covered with linoleum?
The cows were enjoying the sunshine and solitude by the barn, where were they?
Where could you find a barbershop that is not in a separate building from other stores?
While still on a trip there's pretty much only one place to unload your luggage, where?
Where is a student likely to be focused on computers?
Joe rented a loft, which is a type of what?
She got in the car after becoming inebriated, what did she cause afterwards?
I'm getting warm because I increased the thermostat in my bedroom.  What might I be doing soon?
Sterotypically, people read the newspaper with their family early in the morning.  What is something else that people also do with their family when they first wake up?
Little cameras in the car made doing what easier?
When you go to buy a sheep you will learn that it is what?
Where would you find a popular shopping mall?
Where would a person go for a wound that wasn't urgent?
You go through a lot of training to be a soldier, this is to prepare you to do what?
John played a brass drum very well.  He loved classical music and decided that he wanted to join what?
What is a corrupt government likely to lead to?
What do birds using tools say about them?
John noticed that there was a lot of dust in the room.  He cleaned off the place where food is served last.   Where might John have cleaned last?
James's yard had many rose bushes.  They were well kept because James was a very talented what?
What would killing people make one of your victims do?
What do people feel in the winter?
How would you show someone that you are agreeing with them without getting close or speaking?
Where would you put a book after you buy it?
Where can you buy lettuce directly from the grower?
What can giving assistance avoid?
The vessel was taking in water, where did it need to go?
Where do all marmot live before they are captured?
Jane was a human who had to poop really bad.  But she couldn't because her ride was about to come in and she didn't want to miss it.  Where might she be?
Where does a human likely not want to be?
What does one do when they play games?
What is a nerd most likely to have a curiosity to do that others wouldn't?
Although the living room was set up for the party, where did people tend to congregate while the mother worked?
Billy and Marge were a couple.  They weren't serious and they didn't get frisky, but they always enjoyed going and doing what?
The attack took the player by surprise, he say the game was over and his opponent would win so he decided to just what?
You will find many a cannon on what vessel full of criminals?
John plays chess with his roommate They make one move each between classes.  Where is his chess set most likely set up?
People who make people now have what responsibility?
The fat man had only ran the length of the driveway, it was a start but he was already what?
It was a cold morning, so staying staying in bed brought warm what?
What is it called when people are suspicious of their leaders?
If someone is hurting someone else what is likely to happen from the police?
What country might a crab live in?
What is an uncommon side effect of drinking alcohol?
The astronauts were trying to figure out how to get to the moon, where did they have to pas through first?
The leading team was upset, they had stopped actively reaching advantage because they had grown too comfortable what?
It was t he biggest concert in town, there wasn't an empty seat in the what?
After waiting in long lines at the airport he finally got to the ticket checker, he got out his billfold to show his ticket and what?
As he was looking sharp, how did his wife speak to him when she saw him in his new clothes?
Where do people with the same faith meet?
Playing guitar is a dream attempted by many, they often chew on the little plastic what?
What does it mean when I have to do something not optional
A living person lays on their death bed, what awaits them soon?
If you tried really hard to go to sleep sooner than normal, you would probably be trying to also what?
What do you have to pay when you are getting paid?
Jenny answered the telephone because she couldn't stand the ringing. She shouldn't have though, because it wasn't here place.  She was just visiting. Where might she be?
The nice lady nursed the injured and abandoned cat back to health, after recovery it went on to what?
What will a person who is a narcissist do when around other people?
A bad person places little value on being honest, acting without pretense or being what?
Where would you go to get maps that cannot be bought?
Where is a marmot known to live?
James bought two cats for emma during her chemo.  They cheared her up.  But the chemo wasn't working as well as it was supposed to, and Emma felt that they had come to something.  What did she feel they had come to?
Why does the government impose taxes?
Ficus are in the family Moraceae, and is part of what much broader spectrum?
If you eating lunch and have high fiber foods what unpleasant sounds might you make?
Where could she go to find a big cat to see?
What geological feature is made mostly of rock?
A gentleman is trying to relax, where is he likely to be able to do that?
You've got all the hiking gear but your car wont start so you might have to head to the main road to do this for a ride?
What kind of computer is not a laptop?
Where are trees likely to be very thick?
Where is a good place to store a ladder?
He knew he no longer wanted to keep the clothes, but they were still good so he decided to do what?
If you've been in a rut and busy, taking the time and eating breakfast could help you have a what?
Where would you put a dog if it wants to go outside?
Where should I put a rug to keep my feet warm at night?
What is the purpose of a newspaper?
How do you figure out who wins when you play games?
A car was going from Florida to Ohio, what was it doing?
Where do you see a shark in Australia?
Sex is easy to get, but the easiest sex to get does what?
The tree had thousands of animals living in it, where was it located?
If I wanted to get some oxygen, what will I get it from?
What does watching something entertaining cause people to have?
He was on tilt and losing hand after hand, the playing cards were causing him great what?
Where might a runway head?
Where would acrobats sometimes use a launching platform when they perform?
What happens to airplanes when they hit the ground?
The dilemma was simple, the chicken or the what?
If a person throws a coin in the water, where is that person likely?
What would you do if you want to eat dinner, but do not have any raw ingredients?
Before a new student can go to school they have to do what with the school's administration?
Lizards are able to regrow what if it is cut off?
If you get something,  you'll what it?
Where is there a very large graveyard?
What is a reproduction of an original document called?
What is a person's immediate reaction to winning the lottery?
What is likely the result of a small episode of falling?
If I wanted to play poker, where should I put the table?
What does cleaning waht you eat lead to?
What is a country that is known for a high population of beaver?
Where are horses found with jockeys?
You can use a notepad to keep track of agenda items during a what?
The person had no car, but needed to get somewhere, where should he go?
Sam was planning to return, but his sister was still angry that he was doing what?
What time period did mammoth's live in?
The all decided to sit down on the stools, and each order a what?
When people are exposed to a virus what happens?
What may a person call people who are acting foolishly?
John had a gun but he set it aside.  It wasn't helpful.  He needed to build a fire.  Why did he need a fire?
What would happen in a country if everyone is loving another?
What is the opposite of hands?
What covers the bones in a human body?
What can you use to plan your route when driving to the pacific ocean?
where do you buy a piano?
What is the result of having a lunch that is sizable?
Where would you expect to find popcorn in a public place?
Where could you put some olives to keep them fresh?
How do birds leave the nest?
Sometimes a human has an office job, being seated all day means they should big a quality and comfortable what?
She had an addiction to buying products, it was the act of shopping she was after not actually what anything?
What might be the result of going to market?
What would anyone want to do during a hot day, even if they cannot swim or have alergies?
What must a crab cross to reach the ocean?
Some do not enjoy getting drunk, it gives them what?
If I am hungrier than I am thirsty for a drink, what should I do?
Where can you find bald eagles and cheese in the midwest?
If someone spends too much time buying products what are they likely to experience?
Though he believed in the underdog the odds were not good enough, he instead pointed his money towards the what?
A battleship can be sunk by an unseen torpedo fired by a what?
All humans have what which is used to distinguish them from one another?
Why would someone be unable to talk to other people after getting drunk?
The traveler needs a place to say, where are hotels located?
Where would green beans be found directly before eating?
They mocked their friend for being timid, but it kept her out of the trouble they got into by being what?
They came to an amiable solution to their rather what problem?
What is something you do at a concert?
The had a tough day and wanted to imbibe on a spirit, where should he go?
Fresh baked cookies are delicious, it is why they loved to go to Grandma's what?
Being jobless for 6 months, he had an interview after applying for a job, what did he feel?
The rug saw a lot of foot traffic and had popcorn strewn about, where was it likely?
Where can I put a coin to stop my car from being towed?
Expressing yourself in public without wearing pants will likely result in what?
All the kooky kids enjoyed each other's company, to them their behavior was perfectly what?
A person might take a velvet drawstring bag full of valuable stones from what type of place?
It was a popular and common gift this year, so he headed to the what where it would be easy to find?
Sam eat a big dinner.  He eventually stopped having food because he experienced a pleasant sensation.  What did he experience?
The teen wanted to impress his girlfriend by doing housework, what impresses the girl?
I am at school and want a glass of milk, where do I look?
James was caught committing perjury in a mock trial for his law class. Everyone laughed at his inept lies.  He couldn't stand the what?
What is in the milky way?
Where is north carolina located?
What is a head attached to?
Where do you stop at a gift shop while checking out?
The teacher got frustrated at the wrong answer, he told the thick headed student "if you just listen..." what?
James heard thunder while he was putting up the overhead lamps. It hit very close.   James worried that he might be killed while installing what?
Erin struggled to be entertaining.  She didn't have many friends and wanted people to do what to her?
If you have a lot of money after cashing in your chips at a casino, what would the casino owner feel towards you?
Given people's opinion of congress what place might they give the mascot of a weasel to?
If you're enjoying a contralto, what event are you attending?
What type of home does a spider live in?
What do a string of words with a proper noun and verb form?
Where could you find a seat that sometimes vibrates?
If you need more than just a definition perhaps you should put down the dictionary and pick up a what?
What could happen if you are hiking and you are wearing too many clothes?
What country can a marmot be found?
Where can you borrow magazines?
After hitting the bootle all night what would come to me the next day
James was dedicated to contemplating things.  What did he seek?
What force keeps objects on the surface of the earth?
What type of structure has doorways that are connected to vehicles?
Where does an athlete usually prepare for a game?
Where can you keep your binder on your person between periods of instruction?
Automation does a lot in a factory these days, but the heart and soul is still in the what?
Lilly went bathing fife times a day, but this wasn't good for her.  It resulted in what?
What place could you go to and find an apple tree there?
Buying a house was his lifelong dream, but the lazy man did not enjoy having to maintain a what?
The person had always assumed, but discovering the truth came as a what?
What is someone who wants a lot of money?
The man began asking me questions about my sloppy habits in front of others, what did I feel?
Wanting to understand a subject more, he began reading, what happened as a result?
Where does confetti float?
She felt so alone on campus, she just wanted to be what?
Where do you go to find people who are active in the same field as you?
Where is a white mouse likely to be found?
You'll often find wine and crackers served by men in robes where?
The car hit the curb at high speed, what happened as a result?
Where would you read magazines while waiting to board winged transportation?
The lock prevented people from getting into the school, where was it placed?
Thinking of the past reminded him of a happy time, he laughed aloud in the middle of the funeral and it was quite what?
What does water do when I submerges clothing?
Where in the U.S. do many ships from the pacific ocean unload their wares?
Where would you store potatoes for the winter?
The human had lustful needs to fulfill, where did he go as a result?
Where is not likely to use a card catalog for organizing?
He didn't know what he believed, just that after all his studying it made since there was a what than man's brain?
If one is a mechanic, what are they likely to work with?
If a student wishes to learn about things that have already happened, what should they do?
What do most people often feel before meeting new people?
A person regrets their actions, what are they likely to have?
The argument was becoming more heated, but when somebody threw fruit at another is when things really started to what?
How might someone relieve stress with friends?
Where is there typically small unpaved lanes?
The teacher yelled at her students, what prompted her to do that?
If I want the very best japanese restaurant, I might look in a place with a japanese district, what sort of area is likely to have such a place?
John was playing football when he suffered a concussion.  He was really worried about the possible consequences of his sport, but the concussion was less scary than what?
What do two people know to be talking to each other effectively?
While you're at the store buy beer what happens to your wealth?
The mother knew her children to be messy, so she always kept extra kleenex in her what?
Jim is fiddling in a barn while couples ritualistically circle each other.  What might the couples be doing?
If two people are walking into a house, what do they plan to do?
What is likely to happen to someone involved in a driving accident?
Where is a good place to store water?
Where would most people store their fortune?
What prevents someone from buying beer?
If people practice groovy moves, what is the end result for them?
What is the way that couples like to have fun?
He used hair styling gel, he kept it where?
Where do you buy a chess board?
Humans have a number of body parts that serve multiple functions.  Name something that they have an abundance of, and which serves a dual function.
Where might someone in  a waiting room for lost luggage be?
Where is a small registry office likely to be located?
Where could one find old opera glasses in a glass case?
Where would be the closest place you would find a piece of literature you own?
Dave didn't mind that Josh was punishing him, because he was experiencing what emotion?
A bus line is an example of a public what?
While up in the mountains the locals taught him all the tricks of the fingerboard, he learned the basics of playing the what?
The blowfish was being served at a Michelin starred restaurant, where was this likely happening?
Where did the group of in crowd guys throw their big party on campus?
Where is a great place to display a flower on a table?
What does a computer have to do before a program can exist?
What do gentleman organize when they need to discuss business?
The christian Sunday school teacher gave out a punishment, this happened when the students did what to her orders?
The company just came out with some new buying products! It lets you purchase as much as you want! So what does it help you do?
He contacted the skyscraper management and asked for a telephone directory, where was the person he wanted to contact?
At what institution can you learn about a shark, a whale, or a dolphin?
Where would one hope to not find a jellyfish?
The mailbox is just inside the entrance of what structure containing many homes?
Jane goes out the door to find outside a bright object, what is she looking for?
The only place you'd find a marmoset in what gold rush region would be in a zoo?
A tributary of a river is a?
The keyboard instrument took great talent, but he just looked goofy playing it onstage next to the drums and guitar as part of the what?
Holding a iron and looking in the distance the idea seemed simple enough to him, he just had to get the ball in the what?
The fat man wanted to make a change in his life and make sure it stayed what?
James loves judging things, but all he has to go on is his own what?
How does someone go about getting in shape?
The tourists saw what they thought was a statue, but they soon discovered it was performance art went it began what?
Because of dangers you don't always see shop as an option in what anymore?
What can you stick a key in?
She ha money and an extravagant hat, where was she heading to gamble with it all?
James was returning to work after a period of sickness.  He was happy to be working because he had suffered from something during his illness.  What did he suffer from?
Both sides were presenting their arguments as fact, this when clearly both were just voicing an what?
Joe has two caregivers.  One is his mother.  What might the other be?
What tpye of building would you be most likley to hear bells at on Sunday morning?
Is there a way for people going into trance to see things that do not exist?
Friends and family had been celebrating their marriage all day, but they were alone finally and it was time for some what?
The time of day when networks air their most popular bad shows is called what time?
Where would you likely find spare address labels?
Where can a calendar be purchased normally?
James thought that analyzing all the data would help him learn more, but it did not.  It only gave him what?
where does a mouse in new york city live?
What do people who are composers do?
Where would a person have a small bookshelf?
If you have some excess corn, where would you put it?
If something isn't plain but has adornments, what is it called?
Where are there likely to be high tech computers?
What could cause a driving car to stop?
What southern area not in the US are you  likely to find a marmoset?
Debbie noticed that there was a ficus decorating the room while she was getting a perm.  Where was this plant?
Where would you put a dead body if you do not want anyone to find it and you do not have a car?
The tree wanted to grow more, but in the garden why did the roots stop spreading?
What are people more likely to do when they drink alcohol at a bar?
The baby came unexpectedly, what did it do?
Where can you find an upright piano in a building that you live in?
They had to take the motorway and famous turnpike to get to the even MTV-made famous shore, where were they?
How can you get rid of anger?
What will happen to you if your need is met?
James noticed that people who communicate well have fewer problems.  Some people communicate easily with strangers, others need to talk with members of their own groups.  A religion is a type of group.  What do members of a religion have in common?
Where can you get chicken without leaving your car?
Pretending is an important developmental step, it shows the child's what?
The door to door salesman asked for the homeowner, but the man didn't what?
The person looked lustfully into his girlfriend's eyes, what did he want to do?
John was told to leave the cheese in the cellar for a few years.  Why is that?
The water spout wouldn't turn off.  Eventually, what was totally filled?
Where might a conductor have a hard time seeing ahead due to darkness?
She always wanted to live in a brick row house in what foggy country?
Where do families tend to store a lot of boxes?
There are many wage gaps being discussed, the most important of which is between the rich and what?
Where might you use a bus to get around?
When you are finished drinking out of a cup and want it clean you use this.
The rich young people who had just graduated suffered from boredom, being without responsibility they decided to do what before starting jobs?
If you smack the animal while your riding a horse what will you do?
If you are in your house, where is the sunshine likely to come through?
He showed his ticket and went straight to the bathroom to get out any pee, he didn't want anything to make him have to get up once he took his seat in the what?
The painter explained how he never achieved a flawless portrait, he said this was because all people are what?
James is driving to work.  He's late and he's going very quickly.  What is he at risk of getting?
The bird took flight by moving its what?
He decided to plant tomatoes in a row, where would this row be?
As the man descended the mountains into the marsh, where was he?
The children had been using television all Saturday morning, their parents made them go outside and play before they all suffered what?
They were a culture of peace, but they still had competitions where the men were always what?
Louisiana was a confederate state in the what?
What could describe accidents but not weddings?
Where is a crab likely to enjoy it's food?
If I am looking for specialized medical consultation, where do I tend to travel?
They prided themselves on being a wealth of knowledge, and that's why many chose to attend their what?
What will happen to someone after you are answering questions that he or she asks?
Animals suffer from some of the same things man does, it isn't uncommon for a pet to what?
What must one be careful about when learning about science?
Where could a human get an outfit, makeup, and eat lunch all at the same place?
How do people see the sky?
If you need to go on stage but the stage is elevated you must do what?
What is a staple of the manufacturing industry?
What do you receive a new credit card in?
They made their way down the motorway to watch some car drive in circles, where were they going?
The spirit saw other like beings wandering aimlessly, where was it likely to be?
The couple decided the new shades didn't match the old wall color, where did they go next?
What is a good description of the sloth's native habitat?
A monkey ran through La Defense with classified documents, who was chasing it?
What could snoring cause in rare cases?
The shark was navigating across from the African coast to New York, where was it?
The planned sky scraper was still years away from completion, but excavation had begun where?
Why would someone think about getting wet in the summer?
Where would you get an apple that you already bought?
If you are cleaning house, what will happen to it?
James thought that he was original, but really his story was exactly like many others.   Sarah didn't want to hurt his feelings so she didn't say anything.  What might she have done while listening?
Joe was a horse.  He lived in an American State. The environment was too cold for his taste.  Where did he probably live?
A cat can't talk, but a cat can what?
The ability to remember things is a sign of what?
James worked at a Kosher Deli in a Jewish  neighborhood in the same city where his grandparents came over from Europe in the 40s. He could see the big green torch from his bedroom.  Where might he live?
He was in a rush and forgot his socks, what did he double check before leaving the hotel?
In America, the courthouse of any given town has a likely location, where is it?
Football fans were storming the ticket booth, where were they?
Where could a wheel be produced?
What do you need to put in to achieve having fun after a long day?
You think of lower areas when it comes to a valley, but they're usually just a lower spot in a what?
You have to spend money at a ticket booth before entering what building for entertainment?
What can happen if you're too worn out before going to opera?
When visiting a museum, what might a child experience?
What did the innocent man feel after he was accused of committing murder?
From where can you learn the anatomy of a blowfish?
Where could you find an apple tree?
What dwelling might one take a bowl to after buying it?
When traveling, where is someone most likely to find mirrors on the ceiling?
What will be created after an excavation is finished?
Where is a city hall building likely to be?
We all eventually die, even though we usually what?
What does a person do when something is arriving at an undisclosed time?
Akron must have at least one dance club in what state?
Inside what structure do you normally take a bath?
John knew that the snake probably wasn't real because he lived in the Midwest, and anacondas live in what regions?
The hobbit was timid in front of the dragon, but what did he have to be to get the gold?
What could a gentleman be watching?
What could someone who give assistance help someone else to be?
What happens to most living things after death but not to mummies?
John was in a ship.  It began taking water.  He was worried because the ship might do what?
The side chair was always kept dry, where was it located compared to the lawn chair?
What would you be unable to do if you are bathing and your hands are wet?
If someone was in much pain they may need medicine, they would probably go where?
James enjoys socializing with people, but sometimes he hates the what?
As everybody at the table began to twirl noodles she mentioned that wine was he secret ingredient in the what?
Where is the best place to get cheese?
Loraine didn't like drinking alcohol. She didn't get a buzz from it.  What might she have experienced when drinking?
A projectile ball is in what after being launched?
She was very saddened about the condition of the person, it was who she most what?
If you are playing basketball for a long period of time, what is likely to cover your shirt?
A divider is used to create cubicles in what space?
Billy was cogitating the situation, but soon he would have to come to what?
She wants authentic barbecue while visiting southeast Michigan, where should she look?
The drugged college kid was pondering life, he felt like he was in a big what?
Where must a car park be?
Where would you find a spare pillowcase in a house?
Where could you see a bone?
Where can you commonly find spirits within a house?
If you're late getting to work, what is something you experience?
What should be done with old newspapers?
She had seen over 50 marble fountains that day, where was she?
The game allowed you to take turns, one player would attack while the other would what?
What do animals and humans have in common?
From what country is the fox?
What can be done with a product on a table?
The soldiers were on the run and in danger, they entered a building to hold up but first they had to make sure it was what?
The trees formed a forest, what did they do?
where do women throw loose credit cards?
Where would a brave squirrel be found?
The tennis court suffered from fraternity pranks, where was it located?
If you have a small dog it is good to have what?
The news held a forum on who people would choose, they had a group that was what?
Where is a good place to keep a shoe?
What would you put on your foot first before anything else?
When they discovered horses, what did Native Americans do with the plains landscape?
The athlete was competing in a race and saw the finish line, what did he feel as a result?
The factory made all sorts of specialized toys; AK47's, MiGs, anything having to do with what?
Farmers will plant an apple tree because they do what?
Where would you be unlikely to find more than one steak house?
Where would a person go for a wound that is urgent?
Which country is very known to have a mine and explosion problem?
If a frog has to travel a short distance on land it will do what?
A person achieved success and was what by his peers?
The chain kept coming off of Bill's bike.  Because of this, you couldn't use what?
When a kid is ready for school, what do admissions counselors say about him?
She had learned how to make bread that was quite good, she had finished a new loaf and now all there was left to do was to what?
What does someone do before they travel to work?
Visiting museum was eerie and weird to him, he hated the stillness of it and having to only what?
What picture would have the Atlantic Ocean on it?
If you learn something about a person that you're talking to, what is it called?
When you have fun by doing many things that are planned, you are?
Why might someone think killing is justified?
James was hunted for stabbing someone to death.  He was afraid that he would be forced to serve what?
Where is it especially important to keep a dry, clean floor?
John needed to escape.  He hadn't expected that because he was a  solid runt.  What is he scared off?
James loved climbing.  What emotion might he feel from heights?
Where do you get your teeth drill?
If you got a job as an undercover shopper you would buy products, then after doing a review you would what?
If you're using a trash can in the downtown district of a city, where may you be?
Curiosity drove the archaeologist, more that the objects themselves he was always looking to what?
Billy wanted to have rest because he needed to do what?
A cube has a top, bottom, two sides and what else?
What does a person do if they want to appear authroitative?
What happens when I make a pig of myself eating breakfast?
What does every human want with someone else?
The evening was supposed to be cold, but it was warm when?
Where can someone enjoy ice cream in the dark?
What public house might you expect to hear someone play the harp?
I feel like going to a city with lots of fast food chains, where should I visit?
When he won the dance competition he immediately praised his what?
If one is eating healthier and exercising what is likely to happen?
What do you do when you pray, even if you are paralyzed?
What is an object that is not used in a common room likely to be?
Where could you find hundreds of thousands of mailbox?
Where might you need to visit a registry office before entering?
Helium, magnesium, and sulfur are likely to be found where in a school?
James went into his office at city hall.  What type of building is this?
Where would you put a candle if you wanted it on a wall?
What does a town make up a small part of?
The building was ready for flooring, and that's where the flooring who came in to the picture?
Which side of Africa is the Indian Ocean on?
The group was great at communicating, their quality worked showed how well their what went?
What will you do if you do not turn and you do not move either?
Where can you find millions of apartment?
What could guns do which could be illegal?
What are all living things that have at least one nerve called?
People are meeting people, what is the likely physical gesture?
Where can you look up a number to a business when you don't have electricity?
Like all mammals, cats smell with what?
A lot of people who wrestle are very?
Billy was smart but inexperienced.  In many ways he was what?
In a barbershop, what is the most important tool the barber uses?
The man loved to fish bass, to be happy all he needed was a boat, his equipment, and a what?
The person was trying to describe what makes a good movie, he liked all the little what?
Who keeps their car in a parking area?
A battleship is a powerful vessel.  If you need something similar but faster, what would you use?
She loved the music so much, how did she describe it?
The toilet were somewhat built into the suits of the zero gravity travelers on the what?
What could cause you to not be sleeping well?
Sarah wasn't a good person. She was always away, always busy, never there.  Her wife wanted her to be more what?
The small dog had died and, the family treasured him a lot, where did they decide to place it?
He had chosen to live a fulfilling life, he was content in the end and died with no regrets as he took his last what?
A continent is a large area of land, but the globe is mostly covered by an what?
When camping a home base is what?
As the fox ran into the forest it disappeared into the what?
Sam and June bought loose corn because it was less expensive than what other variety?
John lives in a farhouse well away from anyone. He doesn't farm himself, the farm shut down long ago.  How would you describe the area where he lives?
Why do people participate in exercising?
What about you will decrease after you exercise for many months?
What is someone who enjoys to give assistance likely to do?
If I am communication, what is my chief motive for doing so?
She had worked hard her whole life saving money, featuring her dream entrance hall she bought a new what?
The friends gathered around the table to play cards and what?
Saul is writting a program and has been told that another team has been working on added functionality.  He's not sure hot the other team's work will impact his. What does his bosses want him to do with the new code?
WHat could prevent someone from the ability to buy a house?
What will someone do in the house in the evening because of being hungry?
What can an injury cause that is messy?
Professionals are playing tennis for money, where are they likely?
If you're typing for a long time, what's a sign you should take a break?
Where are trees likely to line a road?
What is someone having a hard time learning abut science likely to experience?
If you are prescribed an antibiotic by your doctor, where would you go to get it?
John refused to sleep because of Freddy.   Nothing can hurt you as long as you do what?
Many grains of sand together form what?
John walked into the courtyard of a famous palace.  Where might he be?
Animals do what from birth to death?
The employee was stocking product, where did he put it?
Where can you take your automobile to go as fast as you can?
What is a place that has only one ceiling and which could be on ground level?
What could happen if something surprising happens while you are driving?
What is the result of reaching a tentative agreement?
What else might one feel when hurting?
If diamonds are not free nor cheap, what are they?
When making a chicken salad, how is the chicken made to be in smaller pieces?
What do you need to do to keep a surprise party a surprise?
What do humans have that is different than most animals?
Fighting inflation means being aware of many things, such as what with loans?
The scientist sought endangered toucans in the forest, where was he looking?
What is an effect of playing football too carelessly?
Where would you get a dog if you do not have one?
Why does the guy try cashing in his check?
Where could you find passengers that are planning to travel to another continent?
Where might a person store an antibiotic to keep it out of the reach of children?
When you shake a can of spray paint you'll hear a bead do what?
The glass bottle ha a symbol on the bottom.  This symbol told customers what about the bottle?
George wanted to go home.  He was sick and tired of his what?
What would you be doing if you are having lunch?
Where does a plane go when it has reached its destination?
Where are you likely to to find a marmot other than the zoo?
What would be a cheap way for a medieval family to satisfy their hunger?
What is the difference between one having solidity?
Where do you originally get kleenex from?
Bill loved riding his bike and did it all the time.  He had trouble going up hills and sometimes pushed himself to the point of what?
When you play chess and work hard to improve at it, and finally have it pay off you will feel what?
There are usually four strings on what popular instrument?
Your oven is most likely found where?
What is someone likely to feel after killing someone?
When competing against a fighter with better training you'll likely get a what?
What does hurting someone else cause?
If you're standing in front of people holding index cards what are you likely doing?
A bugle sounded every morning where?
Where can someone level up?
Where can birds clean themselves?
In the video game he used the rocket launcher at long range, but up close he would switch to the rapid fire what?
If you've already received your drinks what is a waiter likely going to do next?
Rather than appreciating the rolling hills, what seemed plain to the angst filled teenager?
I was creating art while angry, what did my painting convey inadvertently?
Who takes forever to pass a bill?
Where would you not be able to see light?
As in part of string theory, what particle makes up hadrons?
How can a company efficiently sell things to their customer?
Jim chose clear paint.  He could have chosen another type but it would have covered up the natural beauty of the wood.  What sort of paint could he have chosen instead?
John hated getting in line, but he wanted anyway.  Not breaking line was just what?
He was washing hands, what happened to his hands as a result?
The muscle stretched, and after it did what?
Why would someone fail after giving an answer?
The drunk man was hitting bottle figuratively and literally when he slammed it down on the what?
If a human wants to be in a warm place, where is a good place to be?
Where would you find people who work with a round brush?
Her answer was just never neglecting housework, her guest had asked her how she keeps such a what?
The exercise involved long and deep breathing, this slowed the heart and led to what?
If no one wants chicken what round nourishment is a safe bet?
What can be used to carry a small dog?
The detective had a lot of corporeal evidence to sort through, unfortunately the bulk of it would prove to be what?
Where are files likely to be hanging?
He was stabbing to death his wife when he was caught, at trial he still denied the what?
The crab was known to use camouflage to wait for a fish to get within reach, when it was hungry it would set up shop where?
If people are at war with one another, what might they do as a consequence?
The eloquent performance was stunning, it left everybody what?
What problems do children have learning about the world?
John climbed a terrace from his balcony in order to sneak out and get an authentic pizza.   Where might John be?
The local place didn't have the variety the customer was after, so he traveled to see the show room in the big what?
What might happen to someone if they were found guilty of committing perjury?
The couple had a forgiving attitude with each other thereafter, what did they do?
He bought a warranty for the fragile objects just it case they what?
As you live life you get wiser, it is a part of what?
Ballet dancing is a form of artistic what?
John heard loud noise coming from below him, which was perfectly normal.   It always happened this time of day.  He really hated living here.  Where did he live?
Where can you see people enjoying antique transportation?
Where would you find children playing with a ball or swinging?
Where are you if professionals are applying hair gel?
A person takes competing seriously, that person works up a what playing even the simplest of games?
What would a parent do if their child is missing?
What happens when you play games?
When people aren't communicating or talking to each other, what happens?
Where is a good place for a small dog to sleep?
Beer is usually expensive when you attend what public event?
When you see new people move in next door you might find it what?
Two adults do what before one gives birth to a child?
If people are busy, what do they tend to do?
When a person drinks, becoming inebriated, how are they likely to move?
Johnny's behavior was a bigger problem.  Even if the original incident wasn't intentional, his actions afterward are completely what?
Mary was a high school student student.She hang out in a quiet place where she could study.  Then the bell rang, telling her she needed to go.  Where  did she need to go?
She had a busy schedule, she had to run errands and pick up the kids the second she did what?
After jumping up and down on the floor, the child's mother yelled after she was told she was distracting her downstairs neighbors because of making what?
He waited far to long before beginning work. What is his immediate state of mind?
If I want a high quality horse, where should I look?
The person wanted to make money, so what did he do?
The lizard looked longingly out of its cage, what was the lizards status?
What would be built on a foundation of rock?
He tried to jump his car, what terminal did he connect to after connecting the positive terminal?
The drama had quite an affect on the humans, the highs and lows had them all what?
A squirrel ran up to it's home, where is the small dog likely to be barking up?
The housewife needed dry storage, where should she put her things?
Where might I find a bowl nestled among other bowls in the kitchen?
When people have a variety of opinions, what can they do with one another?
What does someone obsessed with grooming likely enjoy?
The government cracked down on anybody protesting, what did the government dislike?
Bill told the audience that good things would happen to them if they gave him all of their money. Where is Bill most likely speaking?
Joe wants to stop being married to Jane.  Jane doesn't want it, but she sadly accepts what?
Billy loves science, history, and art but isn't very creative.  When he was visiting the museum, he felt a great deal of what emotion?
When trying to clean clothes, what is something that you need?
The screwdriver was surprisingly sharp.  This is because it's tip  was what?
What eastern U.S. local government has plenty of crab fishing?
Where might be an odd place to put a washing machine?
Where could I eat a chocolate cake?
What might the result of unwanted flirting be?
When they got a divorce, they stopped talking to each other, so what did they have?
Where would you put a drink if you do not plan to use it soon?
James didn't understand what was going on, but he knew that he had to choose.   He decided that he wasn't going to accept temptation, and did what to it?
A monkey is out in the wild, where are they likely to be?
If a mechanic attaches a chain to your bumper what is he likely driving?
Why might someone avoid getting a new car?
What is a computer known to do?
You should probably have something healthier than just eat ice cream if you what?
What will an unprepared person experience when taking final exams?
The champagne was good, it was both sweet and what?
When picking up drinks, what kind requires you to hold them by the neck?
Where would be a good place for a weasel to hide?
What does every person have that not every wolf has?
He needed a computer program to do a certain task and he knew how to make it, so he began to do what?
When people meet other people in a convivial setting, what tends to happen?
What usually happens to work when taking a break?
What goes well with drinks?
Their food was the same every where you went, the fast food restaurant was standard from Los Angeles to where?
Bob pulled a rock out of the ground.  He wanted to examine the thing because he was into geology.   He was also into waterskiing.   He had many what?
A surface that doesn't have a slope would be what?
The referee wasn't specialized in one thing. He refereed many games.  He was offered a job but wasn't sure what it would be.  What did he know it would be?
What do eating hamburgers in excess lead to short term?
If friends comment on the condition of your living space what should you do?
Where might a small ball be bounced from?
What area is likely to use a ring road to connect cities?
Where would you use a computer while gaining knowledge?
What passes between the point of one destination to another?
Where do young boys hide dirty magazines?
Where would someone bring you a cup?
Where do you hang notes in the kitchen?
A flea made the dog itch, this is because to feed it can do what?
The buildings were designed to hold a lot of people, where should it be built?
What do you need the most to be living life?
There were all sorts of shapes in the textbook, the geometry teacher explained how to find the area of the surface for each what?
What happens if you eat hamburger that's very big?
I know the answer, but I do not do what to it?
What could a driver have that could cause the driver to not want to be driving car?
If you see a policeman in the street waving flashlights what are they there to do?
He wasn't able to enjoy the party because he was too worried about his things and cleaning up, where was the party?
where do you buy the freshest apples?
What is often an outward expression of happiness?
What can a manufacturer experience when people are constantly buying products?
A big fountain was the center piece of the renovation, it had all been paid for by a grant to the what?
Where might many bottles of glue be stored?
What might be the result of getting hit while crossing the street?
The police didn't pay any favors, their job was to what?
Why would someone be likely to avoid kissing?
What can judging something wrong lead to?
What is someone likely the to feel the first day beginning work?
What will the judge declare if someone is committing perjury?
The loquacious man needed to listen, what should he do?
Why do people want to read fiction books?
What would you do to numbers that are positive integers to get a result that is orders of magnitude larger?
The shrewd investor had a simple plan to fight inflation, and that was to make what?
What do parents worry about while their college students are attending an expensive school?
She couldn't hide she liked the boy she was talking to, she had a constant what?
The cut was deep, the doctor had to use stitches in doing what the sides?
Luke was a human. Like most humans, he learned from his parents.  He was mortal, but he could preserve himself by doing what?
Every person would get along in a what?
What is a common cause of injury?
If you keep telling many people about being a vegetarian what do you risk becoming?
James imported ugly cabinets because they were cheap.  They wouldn't be seen so it didn't matter what they looked like.  Where might they be installed?
The comedian made a dull joke about a bald eagle and it ending up that way because of what treatment?
Where would you put your car keys if you want to go driving?
It is a lovely day, let's go outside and skate instead of doing what?
What kind of object would you need to see something dirty underground?
Where could you find a magazine that does not need to be paid for to read?
He worked hard to have great success at his chosen what?
The cover was a hindrance to the diners, so what did they do with it?
In any city you usually see a high rise where?
If a lot of cargo trucks come and go every day, where would the forklift get the most use?
The route passenger was flipping through a magazine, he was bored waiting for his ride where?
What is often the result of having lunch too fast?
If the weather means you what, so do your animals?
WHere does someone sit in a chair to gossip?
She filled the thing with water and went to plug it in, she had finally finished her garden with what centerpiece?
Where would you find a single air conditioner?
If you're hearing sounds what product the uses a laser are you using?
The music was very dear to him, he had done what with it during an important time in his life?
Dancing or walking too much will lead to what on your feet?
If you know how to read and write you are what?
Having a dog is a responsibility.  To prevent overpopulation you should have them fixed.  And, of course, they also do what?
What would you experience if a friend robs you after cashing in chips at a casino?
People took their seats and read their programs. They were expecting to enjoy an entertaining night of what?
You shouldn't consume toothpaste, despite that it goes in your what??
The weasel would go round and round the what while waiting to attack?
John put the book in his pack and then went off to work.  Where might he be working?
What do airplanes do as they are beginning to take off?
Billy was a solider.  He joined the military because he wanted to do what?
What might cause someone to have a last passing sentence?
If a bum wanted to ride for free, where might he go?
The mountain was very massive.  It did what to the nearby hills?
Where can you find a single musician that an audience is listening to?
What does the Indian Ocean border?
What do you miss out on if you stay in and read book all day?
Where might someone find an abundance of cloth?
The man finished mowing his lawn and enjoyed a glass of lemonade on his porch, he took a sip and told himself that life was what?
You're likely to find broken glass where after a bar closes?
The trim made a good line between the floor and the what?
Where would you fire a projectile ball at a clown's mouth?
Where would you be likely to find a dead body?
The guy was going to bed instead of going to work, what does he suffer from?
What low area between mountains can an apple tree be typically found?
Playing piano and other creative activities need what?
What happens after committing murder?
Where would you find a heel on apparel?
What is the path of the earth around the sun called?
Where would you put a vase on your wall?
Where on the U.S. coast would you find Hollywood?
What are humans doing when they have offspring?
The robber wanted to conceal his pistol, where did he put it?
James took the junk off of the place where he sleeps and threw it into what?
Where does a tabby cat go to get warm?
Where in a house would a table be most likely placed?
The person was always using mouthwash, why were they doing that?
What type of person wants to get in shape?
What vehicle uses a tow chain?
The seats were designed to accommodate cumbersome clothing, where were they seats located?
What's black and white and contains many a story?
Several other people were standing around James.  They were jumping up and down, screaming loudly, and banging their heads.  Where might James have been?
Where does water enter in a dam to create electricity?
During battle he felt great anger, this drove him to do what?
What is one likely trying to find an answer for when something is broken?
What differs in people living in different parts the world?
Billy liked seeing new teachers at school.   He enjoyed meeting new people, but didn't care about the quality of his what?
What can you do to a door but not to a jar?
Billy was a student taking a course in communications.  Where might he be taking his classes?
What city is likely to have a tearoom?
Driving to work had become a chore for her and she felt what at the slightest hint of traffic?
He feels like just a cog in a machine or just a number in a cubicle when he is working where?
Danny was visiting a museum.  He spent all day looking at exhibits.  He studied them all careful.  In the end, he went home.  Why might he have gone home?
After being in space the astronaut was happy to be breathing fresh air, it left him what?
Lance spotted a wet beaver in the river.  Where might have lance been?
Where could you find out more about a type of lizard?
What is a person using their whole body for work likely to complain of?
Where would a doctor rush to?
What traditional shop would one find a razor in?
The person saw his wife cheating on him, but tries to forget it, what was he doing?
The contestant had a really smart design idea, he caught the judges attention by just being what?
After the concert he was glad to be away from the crowd, he valued times of what?
He looked up for a certain star, it was the one that helped him spot the rest of the what?
The man was sick of not attracting women and began to practice grooming, what was his goal?
The clerk had a paper sign, where did he put it?
The fleas made her pet scratch a bare spot below it's whiskers, she felt bad for her pet what?
What do cats have but humans and some other animals do not have?
Where is a warm water anemone likely to be?
On the hot day, they liked to eat  ice cream, what was their goal?
What institution are you trying to dissolve if you're getting a divorce?
George liked hunting foxes.  Where might he go to do so?
If I'm at the doctor's office looking for a good title, what sort of story am I looking to read?
When you are eating a meal you normally place a cup on this.
The police didn't arrest Bo. They thought he was just where?
Why is someone likely to use an iron when cleaning clothes?
Which door with lock holds valuables?
What would you put in a teakettle?
What does someone do when there are dishes astray in the kitchen?
Where is knowledge of all kinds likely to be found?
The dream was so terrible, what did the dreamer do?
The library wanted to get the community more involved, so they began to screen family what?
Where would you carry food while on a long walk in the countryside?
She was there for for just one location and one pair of jeans, but she spent hours looking at everything and anything in the what?
James drove down the thoroughfare though his home what?
Where do you keep perishable food for a longer time?
If someone rents a room where would the passageway to it be located?
Where would you keep a canoe?
How might you feel when meeting a friend who company you greatly enjoy?
During one the many famous helicopter tours you can get a bald eagle perceptive of what natural landmark?
Where should shoes not be?
He found it odd that while attending lecture the professor got preachy, and even weirder when his fellow students started to what?
The lawyer explained what committing perjury was, this was big case with high what?
Why would you be doing housework?
Where is a catwalk unlikely to be?
Where is known for powerful storms from the ocean?
Where is sugar stored when it's not needed?
Where on the planet would you expect a bald eagle to live?
Where would you display a picture on a vertical surface?
If you fell in front of people while going public store how might you feel?
In hat city do the most U.S. politicians work?
What could happen to you if someone threatens to charge you with obstructing justice, even if he or she does not do it?
The automobile was left outside when the man got home from work, where was i left?
Where might a student store a pencil when traveling
What kind of call are you on if you're hearing several people over speakers?
What does a person do before going on vacation?
Where do you find leather horseback riding equipment?
Why do people want to keep working?
If I wanted to pay a bill from my house where would I put a letter?
On a rainy day, Bill likes to do creative things.  He loves to taste things.  He tries his hand on a rainy day. What might he do?
She had not been back to work since a bad incident what is she likely to feel upon return?
After I urinate and flush the toilet and wash my hands, what should I do next?
The person deposited a check, what was she looking to do?
The cafe had seating outside, but you could also sit inside the what?
What is a kind of literature?
The place felt wrong, but higher up had said this was the right what?
The had a reputation for celebrating in a  debaucherous manner, what often happened as a result?
After loading up his plate with all the food, what did he look for to wash it all down?
Who would you go to if you wanted a picture of a thermometer?
James was hit on the head and suffered a concussion.  He found himself losing consciousness at annoying times.  He also suffered from something else.  What was it?
Where will you find billions of grains of sand?
When a computer stops working it's called a what?
If I need to store old stuff out of the way without concerns of them getting damp, where do I go?
With all the leaves falling each year, a natural compost keeps the soil healthy for all the trees where?
Where might a child keep their towel for overnight?
When people are interested in protecting fetuses from abortion, what is a common slogan they campaign with?
During offiical judging what must be avoided?
The woman was yelling obscenities in public, and while it was entertaining for people passing by, what did her husband feel?
These days, what is the one place you are guaranteed to find a telephone?
A student should not do what while their instructor is lecturing?
Why might people go to a party?
Where can plants always be grown?
James wanted to build a new concert hall, but his land wasn't zoned for what?
If you are going to watch your favorite team play a sport what is the most likely thing someone will tell you when you let them know?
If you wanted to move cargo at a low price and time wasn't an issue, what vehicle would you use?
What does hitting the side of a horse cause?
The jury determined he was guilty of the crime, and decided that the judge must do what for the victim?
James tried to arise from the lunch table, where he had done what?
What do you need to write a letter?
Where is someone likely to find a huge amount of text?
What movie would a human watch if they were really nerdy?
The paper sign had notice of a civic meeting, where should it be posted?
The crab was when it saw something in the kitchen, what did it see?
If you take a call while away from work where are you likely to be?
What kind of feeling can sex lead to?
Where are you if you've received bbq after paying?
There are many natural landmarks that need to be protected at what locations?
She said it was her turn to watch television, it was time for her to what?
Lying can cause what when trying to find accurate information?
What will happen after you have rest?
Most people would think killing people is what kind of act?
Violence is present in many human endeavors, including sports.  But Danny doesn't play sports.  He does violence only during what?
Walking to much with poorly fitting shoes can cause what?
Washing clothes over and over many times what do they do?
What is a performance by actors on tv to promote buying a certain product?
Where would one catch a connection flight?
What do humans have for speaking?
If you want to go on vacation what do you need to afford the trip?
If a person has one of every kind of a thing, what do they have?
The jaw skeleton of the shark was on display for the children to walk through, it was one of the many attractions where?
He wanted to but couldn't concentrate on playing game with friends, he wished he could just be doing what with it?
Bill sits down on a whoopee cushion, what sound does he make when he sits?
The convenience was unparalleled, but the traveler was just waiting for the landing at the what?
A man wanted to find the United States on a visual, where should he look?
Where might families decide on dinner together?
The person was scared of violent burgulars, what did he do?
If you dont want to get bit by a dog you can do what?
What is good way to break boredom for kids?
Where are you not likely to find an apple tree?
The graveyard was zoned by the pastor, where was it located?
He was staying at a resort near Nevada and California, he left on his boat from the dock in the north and at the opposite end spotted a bald eagle, where was he?
Jamie is returning to work today.  He was forced to leave work because some bad things had happened and his serotonin levels were low and he was suffering from something that made him lethargic? What was he suffering from?
He had a very expensive writing instrument in his office and didn't want to lose it, where did he put it?
Modesty is an important virtue.   An insufficient amount of it in the face of individuals of greater station may be interpreted as what?
Where can you buy sports equipment tools and a lawn mower at the mall?
When going to the market, you will be happy when you?
Why did his eyes close and he begin to snore while listening to music that was quiet?
The token was being wished upon desperately, where was it bound for?
Curiosity got him out of his small hometown, he simply wanted to what?
Why do people want to have fun?
After taking my final exams I got my grades back and had  a 4.0 gpa, how did I feel?
What item has parts such as rods and pistons?
What is not always found in a large volume?
Dan's mother always told him that bathing was necessary because it led to what?
The cow was a star.  Everyone knew it from the what?
Sally waited in the rain with another person.  Both of them were waiting to do what?
Where can I store this clean fork if I am not presently using it?
Where might customers go to walk around?
A great singers voice is going to be?
What can you do in your house during the winter?
What is the purpose of a basketball court?
The extrovert didn't mind talking to the stranger, to him it was half the fun to him of taking public transportation to school and waiting at the what?
Why is it difficult to tell what the weather might do sometimes?
She felt like she never had any support, people always seemed to what?
What happens when someone trips when going for run?
What might lock after someone drives in?
What type of college do you learn science at?
Where could you find a cow that is not real?
The lizard tried to warm itself by resting where?
If a cottage is above the cloud line, where is it?
Sally loved shopping and she hated it.  She loved getting what she wanted, and she never bought to much, but it was still painful for her to buy, because she hated any what?
What leads to someone going to to bed?
The man was forgiving the person who betrayed him, how is his conscience?
To prevent unwanted pregnancies, you'd keep the heifers and the bulls in separate what?
When you're expressing yourself in simple terms, what sort of reaction would be expected?
Where can you play a board game with your family?
How does a police officer report his work?
People needed to find a red telephone box in the country side, where are they looking?
What does a confident person do?
James wants to go to a large church, what some might call a megachurch.  Where would he look for one of those?
Where are you heading if you walk down a staircase to get a jar of preserves?
He was bound to get hired quickly apply for job, he had a reputation for what?
When two people know different things and want to help, what do they do?
What is killing likely to lead to for legal purposes?
What is considered to be an outdated way to gain knowledge?
The woman said she might show up, but being as she was committed, what is the likelihood she would show up?
After exiting a ring road and headed to a group of homes, where are you going?
What was the hardest thing for her to do while learning to ski?
If someone is clinging on to life they can be in a what?
The medieval costumed man pranced around playing music moving his hands wildly on the fingerboard of his what?
What happens when going for a run too many times?
What causes furniture to become a projectile?
If you're chopping fuel for a fire, when you see a marmot, where would you put it?
What weapon will aim for the nose of an aircraft?
Spending too much time contemplating can lead to what kind of pain?
They burned the record, they were trying to do what to history?
After being in a hospital for weeks and breathing fresh air finally, what happened to the released patient?
Where is a dentist office likely to be?
Where might a student grow a ficus?
The neolithic person was hungry, so what was their solution to the prblem?
Where can just a few passengers ride?
how is a Christian likely to feel about their death?
If your resting and your eyes close what may you be doing?
Where do you store your deodorant when not using it?
Someone expressing anger will shake their fists to do what?
She created music to share how she felt with another, what was her goal?
Performing at her sales job was tiring, no matter how she felt she had to put on a big what?
What is food that is able to be eaten?
A day didn't go by without somebody needing a saw, that's why everybody had their own at the what?
When someone is pretending to cry they are?
The police saw the moving car, what did they know the suspect was doing?
Where would you put your change if you plan to use it soon and you are not a man?
What is the worst part of playing games?
After work and errands the mother just wanted some peace and quiet, she couldn't wait to just get where?
What is the likelihood of drowning when getting wet?
If a person wants to get coffee without leaving their car, where might they stop?
If a storey contained many small restaurants, what type of structure would it be in?
James had almost religious reverence for Bill, but Bill didn't return the feelings.  How did Bill treat James.
What is a synonym for faith?
What type of plant is the tallest found on earth?
Why does a person stay in bed on the weekend?
You can get off the road and relax on a couch at what roadside location?
A motorcycle is quicker because it isn't as what as a car?
James is eloquent, usually.  Today he was just doing what to himself?
You could call it jackson for short, but you'd be leaving out a hole when talking about a place where?
What might I use to grow a ficus on my patio?
Where would you not be able to find a diaphragm if there is no one in it?
Where might students have to attend more than one period?
She was determined that night, she was a flirt looking to do what with the right man?
What floral area is a monument usually placed in?
What businesses  serve liquor?
The house wasn't connected to anything but rather was randomly plopped down in the woods, what did it need to have visitors?
The world is very big, it has many countries and continents on it's spherical surface.  There are many types of people It's very what?
Where are you if you're buying whiskey, grain, and saddles at the general store?
If you spend time doing what you will need a rest?
As the company was concerned about profit, what were they looking to cut?
What in the building is very far from the ground floor?
If you saw a fish break the surface of the water and flap its fins in the air, you might think it is doing what?
Where do you throw a pebble to watch a ripple?
His boss told him that he would be speaking to the group that afternoon, he needed him to share his knowledge at the next what?
The tool was stored in what part of the house with the car?
Exercising by lifting weights will give you large what?
What happens when glass has been hit?
What can cause someone to want to go somewhere else because it's so smelly?
It was stuffy, so she decided on breathing fresh air, what happens as a result?
What is the result of more people getting in line?
They really needed the information prisoner, so they did the least human thing and began to what the prisoner?
Where characteristically has a heart?
what happens when visiting museum that have narrow halls?
Sarah did all of it.  She was the best saleswoman in the city.  But she was never acknowledge for her what?
Nowadays, where to people find most of their information?
James found himself watching films all the time.  He did it because he was too high strung and needed some what?
Bob lights a fire in the wood stove in the winter, what does he want?
Jim is normal.  He are bad sushi, and he made a terrible mistake.  He hit a car because he mistook forward for what?
When a leader has committed crimes against their people, what should they do?
What type of place has stopped giving out plastic shopping bags?
He spent all summer in his room playing video games, because of this it wasn't surprising for Mother to find a stack of dirty dishes in her what?
Why might a person decide to start jogging?
James thought that the desk was built with solidity, but when he rapped on it he could hear what?
A rosebush or squirrel or other plants and animals are part of what?
The class was clear, and that made it almost what?
Wanting the road to be complete, what was the road like to have frustrated the mayor so?
What could have a knob and emits light and sound?
Billy loved grapes and other similar foods, so for his birthday his friends bought him one of these.  What did they buy him?
The doctor could tell there was a problem with his lung right away, every time he would breathe he would also what?
Where do people gather to see large men in pads play a game where they run and smash in to each other?
when im competing in a competition what should i aim for
Where can personal mushrooms be kept fresh?
He knew that beginning work on this job would mean he couldn't get home on time for several days. What is his reaction?
If you're doing some typing, what is one thing you could be creating?
What is a good thing to do while eating?
Where do fountains tend to exist?
The two teams were really competing out there, they had all worked up a what?
What will happen after agreeing with verbally about a deal that you made with him or her?
Where would you see someone using a thermometer?
You can find cards all sorts of places, but if you want to bet on them in all sorts of games where should you go?
What places would have a cemetery?
They weren't quite south of the border but close enough, after seeing some Navy ships they had dinner at an authentic mexican restaurant where?
Where is likely to have an open air market?
What happens after having food too much?
What's a bad thing people do?
A condom is a form of contraceptive for a penis, meanwhile a diaphragm is one designed for a what?
The stack of dirty dishes was quite high, it was definitely time to what?
It was my turn to stand watch, so where did I go for my shift?
You need to take your morning pill. Where in your house would you look for it?
Where is plumbing likely to be clogged by food?
Where is the lawnmower I hear from across the street?
Rita liked the taste anemone, so she got one from what kind of place?
When William the conqueror crossed the English Channel, where was he looking to tgo?
Drinking alcohol should be avoided. In addition to making you sick, it can cause what?
If someone is cooking near the end of the day what are they going to have?
Bill suffered from boredom. He'd stare off and do what?
Where would you store a saltshaker when not in use?
Where might a soldier be honored?
The baking open is sometimes made of brick in what kind of place where you get round food?
James went to wipe the dust off of everything in his kitchen.  He carefully removed a poster and dusted behind it.  Where might the poster have been?
What is a reason to pay your television bill?
What is likely to be the result of instituting civil action?
Where would you go if you only wanted to buy clothes?
WHat does someone usually produce a lot of when getting divorce?
Boredom led him to go out to the bar, there were many characters there and he what?
A man was called a weasel for "ambulance chasing," where did he likely work?
The scientists thought it was an impossibility, but with new evidence there was a chance it was a what?
Every one of the kids felt average, but the teacher explained that each one was what?
On their hike they brought a filtering straw, they were worried about germs in the what?
John put something on the night table.  But he forgot about it in the morning because it was unfamiliar. Where was he?
Where would find a townhouse that is not attached to other houses?
Bob was having fun with bill.  How might Bob express his feelings?
James loved his workplace.  He was a cashier but he has a lot of leisure time which he spent browsing the new releases and bestsellers.  Where might he be working?
What would someone be if he or she killed the biggest amount of people?
James searched his hotel for the return ticket.  He needed to find it before he left for where?
Where would a rosebush be most likely to die due to lack of water?
cats have how many apendages?
Where could you see a landmark surrounded by many miles of plants, other than in a park?
What do you need to make sure that you are at night while driving?
He needed to sign the papers, he got his good fountain pen from the sliding what?
How do most people feel about a person they love?
Sarah went to school to be a nurse.  She loved giving assistance to people in need. To better help people, she had to constantly do something.  What might she do to better help people?
Sarah was cooking thick gravy in her saucepan because she wanted some authentic soul food.  Where might Sarah live?
The man is drunk and angry, what does he look to do to others?
The man was disheveled and wanted to clean clothes, so what was he hoping to achieve?
The weasel was scavenging in the cold winter on a farmer's land, where was he likely?
Joe was running around his home and crossed a property boundary, running into a meticulously manicured rosebush and doing damage to both it and himself.  Where might the rosebush been located?
The bald eagle can be a symbol, it elicits feeling of patriotism where?
How do you signal that you are agreeing with someone on a deal?
What divider is often between two buildings that cars drive on?
Many people gather together on Sundays, they tend to believe that earth is what?
Billy is an animal, but he is alergic to trees. He hates them very much.  Still, he wants to have a picnic and can't stand the idea of buying food from a restaurant.  Where would he have his picnic?
Driving to work late is never pleasant, but you still shouldn't what?
Where is a dining area likely to be extravagant?
She spent the whole night getting drunk, now she refused to get up off the floor because she figured she would just what again?
What could you put your foot under?
If ships are in a storm and the sun comes out, what has happened?
Where do bees spend time traveling?
What is a way that couples like to go about 	having fun ?
John runs a corner shop in the American Midwest, in a place known for its Vikings. In what region is his shop most likely located?
Where is the milky way?
Jimmy kept his double edged razor where he could use it easily.  It was where?
Danny liked to watch birds.  Birds don't have arms.  What do they have instead of arms?
Why would a person go to school?
What does your body do when walking?
What could happen to a car when you press one of its pedals?
The man owned a lot of guns, he thought more gun control was what?
There was a ruin under the site.  Billy did what to it?
Brian  took the tool  from the shelf. He thought no one noticed.  As he was talking out, the cashier told him to do what to it?
James punched a man again and again. His nose bled, and some blood covered Jame's what?
What does an apple tree need to create new trees?
John was an important person, but when wronged he could be what?
The park had a refuse and littering problem, so they added another what?
Dan is driving a car, though he's stopped at a light right now. What else can we assume that he's doing?
When someone talk, what does someone else usually do to the person talking?
What type of area would you be entering if dressed in a suit when putting your car in a parking lot?
The person wanted to use her ear to detect the buffalo herd, where did she put it?
How would grooming lead to bald spots?
If somebody was ready to eat breakfast they would enter the kitchen, but if it was barren they'd have to what?
Where is a very bad place for bad bacteria?
What is a good place for a potato to mix with other veggies?
Which door with lock do you secure when running an errand?
The crab realized that it was in danger at the Tokyo fish market, where did it run away to?
What could water turn into?
From where is a submarine launched?
What can you do before taking final exams to help with them?
The teacher told the choir that they might faint and fall if they locked their knees while what?
When someone is deeply involved while they watch a film, the film must be very?
He had a great time with his what brother?
When you are relaxing with friends, what are you doing if you discuss anything?
What might happen to a person after falling?
While eating a hamburger with friends, what are people trying to do?
Agreeing with someone who you have fun with can lead to what?
Humans often have hunting instincts, so what do they do?
Why would someone visit many stores before buying products?
As they left his house he insured them that it was okay they could come to the party too because it was taking place where?
What entity would have a fire extinguisher in their boardroom?
What is someone likely to do to someone accused of killing people they love?
A person doesn't have pants that fit, what should he do?
Horses are big animals that get a lot of exercise.  Because he this, they need to do what?
Where would you find a sloth that is not afraid of being hunted?
Where does trash end up if you don't put it in a proper receptacle?
Where is there likely to be a pool near your own home?
What is the biggest group of people on the east coast where you will find skyscrapers?
The students helped build the backdrop, it was just one of the parts of putting on their little what?
What is a convenient way for a farmer to preserve their crops?
Where can you enjoy a hike and maybe an enccouter with a fox?
At reception desk John asked  to see a person who was helping him make a sale.  Lilly came out immediately and took him back to her space, and talked to him about his needs.  He said that he was willing to lower the price to 80,000 if it would sale faster.  Where might John be?
Where are folding chairs likely to be found?
The journalist had a simple approach, see story; do what?
The stove had to be moved so the kitchen could be remodeled, where did it go?
Because he was a poor patient, what did he resist doing when nurses prompted him?
Where are hot dogs are a commonly sold item away from a grocery store?
The husband never worked a day, but after getting divorced received alimony, what did he become as a result?
Name a sort of place where live crabs are not allowed.
WHere do you typically buy prescription suntan lotion?
If you like your jeans already broken in where should you shop?
Where would you put a ficus if you do not want it to damage your floor?
What do people do to pass time when washing clothes?
The demand from people was high, how can chaos be avoided?
Humans usually get what from taking a break?
If I wanted to buy a chess pawn, where would be a good place to look?
Billy and June were driving down the street when they heard lovely sound coming from a something.  What might that be?
John didn't think he and Steve should be competing against each other.  It wasn't good for their relationship.  The losers always felt jealousy and what?
Why would you be getting in shape?
What does lying about oneself likely to lead to?
What does someone committing suicide want to do?
She was pretending to be happy for others, she would always what?
Where can you work on needlepoint near the entrance of you home?
James needed more sleep at night, so he did what earlier?
James goes to church regularly.  He needs to move, but wants to move to a place with a church.  Where, in America, might one expect to find a church?
When potatoes aren't raised in town where are they raised?
Some say they are at odds, but many find solace in both science and what?
What does someone who does not feel alacrity or anything feel?
The mammoth has often been considered for cloning, if this happened it would would make it no longer just what?
The troublemaker had been hoping for a soft punishment, but the ruling handed down was quite what?
He had just drank poison, and the man who had given it to him was now mockingly showing the what?
Where would you use a turnstile that does not require inserting a ticket?
Punishing innocent people with the death penalty should cause what?
The fingers do this with the hand. What is it?
Where is the best place to keep personal lettuce?
Where would sunshine be likely to fall on a plant that a person owns?
What is a positive effect of expressing yourself?
Danny sealed the small box and put it somewhere cozy and out of the way but easily accessible. Where might he put it?
Sally went to a store and spent money.  Most of her purchases were fresh but some were frozen.  What did she do?
If one wanted great bar service and maybe a room afterwards, where would be a good place to go?
Where does someone ask for refills with a meal?
If you contemn someone they most certainly will not have your what?
He was thanking everybody for coming, he gave them each a big what?
He had really bad hand-eye coordination, so playing baseball was what?
What can happen to water at different temperatures?
If you're moving, the people here will forward your letters for you.
In what society did slaves outnumber the citizens?
Before buying a house, what should I look for concerning my job?
He played the bass fiddle professionally, but for his baby he used it to play a fun simple what?
Where do you store mugs in your house?
What does there need to be for a shadow to appear?
What may you feel after standing in line for a long time and not getting what you were after?
What continent is a marmot likely to be found on?
The person got called down as a contestant, he ran down the aisle very what?
The poker player was not gaining money on the night, what was he doing instead?
If someone goes to work, what does that mean about them?
Where would someone not impressed by the eiffel tower likely be living?
What do you keep in a billfold?
Where might informational pamphlets be found?
He saw the kid begin to fiddle with things, he then stated his observation to the kid saying what directed at him?
The universe is quite vast, most say it is even what?
Where are you if you've paid to be in a dinning room?
The man drank his coffee at work?
He wanted to comfort friend with piling medical bills, he set up an event to raise what?
What is a good simile about trees that can be used in the workplace?
Where might astronauts who miss a landing end up?
Where is a fire extinguisher likely to be found behind the seat?
Where can chicken be kept fresh longer?
Where would people go if they want to talk to someone?
After getting high his memory seemed shot, he felt practically what?
Where are books often kept in a home?
What is the fastest way to combat being cold?
Another result of changing society could be what?
A ficus can get quite large, but a smaller one can be kept inside in a what?
The person sees the messy house that was clean earlier that day, what was the reaction?
Starting a fire is a terrible idea because flames move in what pattern?
The person was trapped on the freeway on the way to a movie audition, where was he?
Alcoholic refreshments are sometimes banned in what public places?
Why do people eat food even when they do not lke to?
What will happen if you apply a heat source to combustible materials inside of a building with ill intentions?
You'll see the plains and mountains when driving through where?
What feature can a river flow through?
The cord had many a twist, he held it across in both hands and tried to do what to it?
The man was happy to be seeing his idea become a reality, and knew his father would be proud, what did he feel in himself?
How can you see an extreme closeup of a potato?
The people were building a backdrop for the play, their tools echoed in the empty what?
Where does someone keep their favorite text?
What could happen to a person if no one is around him or her?
The man with Crohn's disease was eating a hamburger, what happened as a result?
The hard working man was stuck at home after his injury, he tried to keep bust doing housework but it caused what?
Today was a big day at the trade show, he was finally going to show off his product to the public and give a what?
What do people feel when they have a bit of hunger?
The exhausted football player was having trouble breathing fresh air, on the sideline he put on a mask to increase his what?
People are always talking for a multitude of reasons, the most basic is that  is a way of doing what with one another?
Cats are easily entertained, they love to what?
If a child is given a warning at the dinner table, it is because they did what to get the mashed potatoes?
What do customers do to a waiter after the waiter serves customers?
The baseball team was playing ball. It was time for the pitcher to act. How did the pitcher get the ball to the batter?
Even though people in the team sometimes what, they argue constructively?
Where would you find a monitor wall that is used for visualizing sounds?
What would a soprano be a part of in church?
Sarah didn't think of her condition as a disability. She could still do the work, though it robbed her of what?
During what could you hear a viola along with many other types of instruments?
Some people have many pairs of jeans, they store them in their what?
So as not to disrupt instruction, there were always spare pencils in the what?
What is likely heard by those going to a party?
She left the states and traveled across the pond, her next art gallery was in what city?
Where could a star be walking?
Where might you find a large clock outside?
The restaurant had no business out in the countryside, where should it move to?
Where could you find a policeman that is sitting down?
How are machines put together?
What does a person get out of a pinata?
If you wanted to cross this, you might want a canoe.  What is this?
Where does a jellyfish always live?
What might someone do to someone they love to show their commitment?
The man had spent all day collecting old appliance and such, he took the metal to get scrapped where?
Where would you kick a ball that has grass?
Everybody is their own, all people are what?
The government was instituting civil action left and right, the people fought back and began to what?
The nurse had to grade severity of each wound during the emergency, that way the doctor could treat each what in the best order?
James wants the government to fight inflation. Why might James want inflation to be lower?
If you are deep in a cave, what would you follow to find your way out?
What will a friend do for you?
What are the flowers that last forever called?
She heard a gong while walking through new york city, where was she likely?
He was having a bad day and felt gloomy, praying seemed to begin to make him what though?
Where can you get a puck to take home?
What part of the life-cycle can love never conquer?
What do tv studios use milk to mimic?
Balthazar is a popular french restaurant located where?
The elementary-age child was asked to describe a ball, what word did he likely use for it?
John was disgusted when he opened this and saw mold.  What is this?
What country was known to have many amphitheatres?
What type of corn structure would contain many passageways?
The critic found the movie mediocre, but the public called him jaded as the majority found it what?
What electronic device would be used when being bored?
When the package failed to deliver due to nobody being home, what did the carrier have to do?
If your cake is still unbaked, where should you put it?
What might cause boredom?
The conductor ordered the gong to sound, who was the gong player playing with?
The man always would play games to unwind after work, what effect did it have on him?
Where would you find water that is not visible?
Bobby worked in a kosher deli, but all delis were kosher where he lived.   Where might he live?
What happens to a person on stairs after getting drunk?
Why would someone be committing murder?
Even though he was a tourist he went to a fast food restaurant, of all the choices of pizza alone, he still chose a chain where?
A lack of belongings means you aren't what material items?
Where do bees go to find wildflowers?
What is likely to happen to trees that are dry?
Where would you put clothing that you have already used?
Where can you go to thousands of bus station?
Randy was suffering from great hunger and he didn't even need cheese or toppings, he just wanted to what?
If two men are competing, why don't they like each other?
The farmer wanted to grow cotton near Florida, where should he plant his cotton?
What new things can lead to understanding better?
Where would a child be happy to find chocolate?
On what device can you watch a program without leaving your home?
She looked longingly at her unrequited love, what did she want to be for him?
In order to sneeze one must do what?
Where in a house might someone ring a bell?
If someone has a delicious lunch what are they likely to claim?
What could hydrogen be added to to cause it to explode?
James doesn't want a relationship. He thinks that loving another will only create what?
What is the final phase of a living being's life?
How do single cell animals create new generations?
Where could you be if you are sit quietly?
The mascot gathered the children around the campfire, he then began to what them?
John knows that molecules are very important.  Where might John look for them?
What would you read about an apple tree in?
Skiing can be very risky, it can be the cause of a very serious what?
James enjoyed playing games, but he didn't like games that lacked safety.  He was afraid of potential what?
A tabby cat might be found laying where?
A large river drains into a tropical forest where?
What to living things do to continue their species?
Something I haven't done recently is have rest, how do I feel?
Work can be a grind, it makes you appreciate times of what?
Bob didn't know that the secret passageway was there when he bought the place. It led to a bomb shelter in the back yard.  Where might the passage way have been?
Where would you put jewlery if you do not plan to use it soon?
What is likely true about a dog that escapes regularly?
What popular clothing retailer often has a fitting room to try on clothing?
The fumes weren't being well ventilated, the worker kept getting what?
What do you use to pronounce parts of a letter?
Humans tend to be born two ways, these two ways are what?
Why might someone have a hard time seeing through a clear medium?
There's tickets, rides, and games but the real money made where is in the food sales?
Where could you find 10 or 100 home that are not attached together?
How might I procure what I need to eat?
The person didn't like the varying size of the cake slices handed out, she demand more what?
What do you read to help with at night?
What often goes under furniture?
The boy was popular, but because of the things he liked he was considered a bit of a what?
Why would you be going for run if you are not ill?
What is something you do when you want to see someone?
The police had been stumped for years, the grieving family hired a private investigator in a hope to what?
Where does the toilet fly outside the atmosphere and glides to a landing?
The judge found him guilty of committing perjury, this brought the man great what?
Where can you find many clothing sellers in the same place?
If two groups of people want to vacation somewhere else for free, what can they do?
Humans have a long digestive tract, so what do they do?
Unlike identical twins, with fraternal you can end up with both a daughter and what?
Where could you find more than a few bald eagle?
What is something that would become uninhabited if it did not have a queen?
What is the payment collected on a toll road designed to do to the condition of roads?
When an army is sent abroad to combat zones, what might they be doing?
Johnny was looking for cookies that his mom had hid from him.  Where might he look for them?
The jeweler was impressed by the quality of the diamonds, why was he so impressed?
Why could someone fall down after eating lunch?
Where would you find an armoire when you retire at the end of the day?
Where are the boxes that can't be accessed while standing upright?
What do you experience after doing housework?
The local business needed an advertisement, they bought one on the side of what public transport?
The two teams were competing all the time, what likely developed between them?
If I am tilting a drink toward my face, what should I do before the liquid spills over?
He was finding information through meditation and yoga, what was he seeking?
The amount of effort put into the losing project was negligible, how much effort was put into the winning project?
What do fans do to players competing against each other?
What does exercising lead to when you are out of shape?
Where does one put a calendar in their home?
The team began analysing all the DNA evidence, they were hoping to once and for all be what?
They may be out of bed, but for some they don't what until they eat breakfast?
The car needed to be parked while the crew refinished his driveway, where did he park it?
Chatting with friends and playing games is great what?
You can read about new bullet varieties in a what for weapons enthusiasts?
What is a student encouraged to do as they mature?
When a young child is sleeping what is something that is common for their age?
What can sex often be?
John carred for Lucy but had trouble expressing it.  Lucy was disturbed by John's inability to express affection and felt that he was what?
What would you see if there were different types of flowers near you?
He came across a raw item but his pack was full, he had to abandon something if he was to what the item?
When you drive you may have to stop if someone is doing what?
What are two people likely to do that three will not do?
The small locally owned beauty salon had it's grand opening, people hoped it would boost the economy in the surrounding what?
If the authorities see you hurting someone else what will happen to you?
What do dogs get that make them itch?
Standing in line is made more difficult by what?
What is an important part of living that people often forget to do?
What do you have to do to learn to play violin?
Playing poker takes a lot of luck, but being consistent takes what?
Sally isn't beautiful.  She looks okay, just plain. But she doesn't think so. She has image issues and thinks that she's what?
If you're drinking for the purpose of getting drunk, the next morning what might you experience?
What feeling does see favorite show eliminate?
Where are trees safest?
Some people went shopping to buy racks. What will they do with them?
If a person is trying to weasel out of punishment for a crime, where are they likely to be?
If you have plenty to eat when you have lunch you'll do what?
Why do people like eating hamburgers?
What happens when you try to help someone but make it worse?
Where do older people sometimes want to hear the singer more than the music?
Stopping being married to her allowed him to again pursue his dreams, it brought him what?
If you're going fishing what do you need to buy?
Alexa needed a safe place to put her acoustic guitar when she wasn't playing it.  Where might she put it?
What do you physically do to someone that you love?
What do people watch television to become?
John and James wanted to eat hot dogs but weren't sure where they could by some.  They asked a costumed person for directions.  This was their first trip where?
When do girls eat ice cream on the couch?
How might praying make someone feel as they wait for an outcome?
What is a risk of going on vacation?
Where might shoes be found under?
The man wanted to have food ready for the work week, so he decided to what his meals ahead of time?
Where would someone find freshest possible eggs?
Where will you store a bowl while not in use?
On what continent would you find a lemur?
The child wanted to test electricity, so what did he feel as a result?
Although he didn't reply to the email, what did he do with it since he found it funny?
Dad is putting away folding chairs after a party, where does he store them?
If you see policemen outside wearing safety vest and holding flashlights, what are they doing?
Where could you find an armchair that is used by many people?
What is a psychological benefit of having fun?
All the wild flowers were in bloom, it looked like somebody had painted the entire what?
Where might someone store guns in a loft?
The school has three wings and had enough space for 5000 students. How might one describe it?
Where are you if you're hearing a bass clarinet accompanying people singing in German?
The farmer is making grow a tomato, what does he specialize?
James was planning a vacation. he was doing this because he worked hard and needed something. What did he need?
If a product doesn't last, what does it have a reputation of doing?
The alley cats were all beginning to gather together, but one loud crash sent them all what?
Sarah did much hard work, even though she was on vacation.  Her mother told her off and said what?
What is something that comes from your voice?
What might someone be trying to achieve by getting wet?
What might end up on the roof?
WHat does learning about world poverty lead to?
Where would the heifer go to join her herd?
The audience sits enthralled watching a spectacular battle full of shooting and explosions.  Where is the audience most likely to be?
Where would you put onions right before chopping them?
When not playing your mandolin, where would you store it?
How do the bosses share knowledge in person at work?
A member of the audience was struck in the head by a ball. What sort of building is the audience most likely in?
If children are happy, what do they do?
If a phoneless person needs to make a call from a public phone, where might they find one?
What does someone want to do fast when they complete something in a perfunctory way?
A quarter of it was twenty five pounds, so the whole was what?
John didn't have to ride his bike.  He did it for only one reason. What reason is that?
The play was nearly starting, everybody took their seat in the what?
Where does a cast act?
Dancing poorly in public may make you feel what?
What is the object with a point used for mountain climbing?
THe apiarist bought a new queen, where was the queen bound?
Where are there more than 1 trillion planets like earth?
John and George are camping together.  They're sitting around a pile of sticks and john is lighting a match.  Why is john lighting a match?
The monkey was hopping around, climbing things, and swinging around his habitat.  What might he have been feeling?
What is likely to be a child's reaction to going to play?
LEds  are commonly found on kehyboards and other what?
When you want to go to bed with a pretty girl and want to get warm, what do you need to do?
Where can you buy alcohol and items for nourishment?
Where is a flat likely to be grouped with other flats?
Where does a heifer end?
I only like fiction books, why should I read a non-fiction book?
Where would you be most likely to see a cow?
What could a real estate agent do if his or her customer wants to get a house?
What is someone looking for in a new mattress when returning one that had lots of rigidity?
What is it called when a reproduction of an original movie is made?
Too much shopping could lead to?
An over-heated snake will hide where in a house?
He wanted a saxophone, so he went where?
What is the easiest place for a human or another animal to live?
There is a hard substance that must take on different forms, what are these forms?
Where might nymphs live in a pleasure garden?
Where is a subway station called something else?
Where would I put a rosebush if I did not want to keep it outside?
The handyman finished installing the hinged door, unfortunately it was getting stuck closed within the what?
What might someone jogging be trying to achieve long term?
What has an accelerator and is owned by most people?
After suffering a bad injury, where will a person get taken?
Where did he put the newspaper for his new puppy's leaks?
In the morning you return to work, in the evening you?
When I gentleman needs to use the facilities while out for dinner he goes to the what?
WHere are baseball stadiums typically located?
If you haven't been sleeping well you are probably what?
Where is the best place to store the title to you car or deed to your home?
When two people who love each other are alone, they will probably try to contact each other and get what?
Where could I find a paper clip?
what is the end result of hiring a maid?
The book had deep meaning to the businessman, he always kept a copy of it beneath all his work in his what?
After the loss, we really need one of these?
The truck driver wanted to read a bible while on a job, where should he find one?
What does a projectile pass through?
What is beginning work likely to lead to a day of?
Where does a person what in reception while waiting for food?
If someone is a gentleman in a professional setting what would he wear?
In using computers where one thoroughly enjoys himself what may ensue?
Jennifer wanted to connect with other people.  But she was abrasive and clingy. Her attempts to get closer just did what to her connections?
Jane saw her flirting with her boyfriend, what was her reaction?
Where do lizards like to sun themselves?
What do people make with crab?
The student wanted to impress with his essay and looked up a synonym for standard, he found a word that had a slant rhyme with "proverbial" and was quite proud, what did he find?
John traveled deeper and deeper.  As he went, the light faded away until it was pitch black. Where might he be?
Sean was an honest person, but his married June, who wasn't honest at all. In fact, who was very what?
What do you use to catch a mouse?
If it isn't found in a jewelry store or boutique when would one find a choker?
Washing hands after certain activities is highly recommended, keeping up this habit can keep you in good what?
She had locked her key in her car again, but luckily she always kept a spare in her what?
which door with lock regularly holds cars?
The bulky man enjoyed to eat hamburger or anything else high in what?
Where could you find a steel cable that has not been completed yet?
Where were the cowboys herding the heifers across the property towards?
Where would a weasel go if it is hungry?
If you want to bake something, but do not have butter, where would you get it?
If a person is celebrating something, what is their likely emotion?
When someone moves to another state, they are what from you?
What handle did the man grab to when he wanted a snack?
If I did not tie an event when competing, which two results where also possible?
She couldn't wait to see the performance, she stood in the line for the box office where?
The lady had her specialized looking glasses and gown ready for the evening, she sent her butler to the ticket office of the what?
If an outdoors man wants accommodations, where is he likely looking to go?
If song were to touch your heart it would do it through what?
James was sitting quietly because I was having trouble doing something.  What was he not doing easily?
Birds sometimes do what to each other to establish dominance?
Though morbid and cold with all the dead bodies, there was something very human about what place?
Where is the principal's office?
The real estate alienated people, what did she need to learn to be?
Sometimes just expressing yourself is the best way to be what?
What does the first person in a group of people to have a child often feel like doing?
Jealousy led to the best contestant actually having scorecards lower, afterwards the what was investigated for their score given?
Emilio needed the exercise, but he didn't do it.  He suffered from what?
What could stop two people from communicating?
What might an honor killing attempt to achieve?
The child remarked that despite the name the famous bridge was red, this site was just one of the many highlights of the family vacation where?
Where do students use a pen?
What kind of store has jewelry and clothing?
Where a small stream goes between farms?
When an inventory gets to see idea become reality they will gather their friends together to what?
If you tend to fiddle with your shoes they are likely what?
What shoots water up someones butt?
Wht causes something to not be holy/
John works for a company that doesn't make anything.  It just buys, sales, and does what?
Susan was playing games with her five year old son Tim.  She played them because they were designed to help him with something.  What might they help a child with?
The cubicles felt like their own little rooms, you could hardly even see over the what?
What would cause someone to have to re illustrate point?
What would someone be if he or she reports the use of a sharp object where the use of sharp objects is not allowed?
Two friends lived in different countries, how did they frequently communicate?
What could you do inside but not outside if you have boredom?
What will a unscrupulous real estate agent to make a listing seem more attractive?
If you see a fox in Fargo, what state are you in?
Where might I place the lamp so it will help me see better while I do my homework?
When doing housework, what would be most useful to clean the patio?
how might someone get injured when driving a car?
Where are fish from salt water happiest?
The doctor noticed the nerve and suggested a scan of everything, what would be scanned?
What areas does a cat tend to seek out?
Something that people do when they are sneezing a lot and have a runny nose?
Where are not many people allowed to go?
What is a facial sign of having fun?
She was a human in America who wanted to live well, what was a given for her situation?
Where does a potato enlarge?
John went into the front garden of his palatial mansion.  Where might his mansion be located?
Simon asked his father to read him a story.  His father couldn't find Simon's book, so looked everywhere for it. Where might it be?
Where are leaving in order to go to a spa?
John and Sarah refused to talk.  They were part of a contest, and they'd lose if they stopped what?
What do you wear on the bridge of your nose?
What can seeing artifacts cause if you have already seen them many times before?
He had only experienced tangible and corporeal events in his life, but the hippy girl opened up his what side?
He had won big, it was time to cash in and get some bubbly and do what?
A person who is well off has the simplest of luxuries that they can just do what?
As the fire raged she frantically looked for a door, what did she want to do?
If I run a long time, I run the risk of what?
What is a large group of human beings?
They were baking together, the instructions called for sugar so they got it out of the what?
There was a surplus of condos due to the overuse of space in the area, where were the condos located?
Where would you buy a disk with software on it?
Polly didn't know her way around, so she navigated by landmark.  She used statues, stores, and distinctive building.  Where might she be?
If I am playing a xylophone with a large, professional ensemble, what am I a member of?
Where might a person store pamphlets?
Where could you see a sloth that is not real?
Where might there be lots of different lawns?
Where do employees spend most of their time working?
If I am contemplating a different opinions, what am I hoping to gain?
What is someone likely to feel after the act of procreating?
Where might you find dirt on a place you would see a gutter and rubber hit it regularly?
What happens to the person that is well known for frequent farting?
Sam thought that it was beautiful outside, even though it was what?
He was learning about the use of color and all their tints, and even how to use what technique?
Where do airplanes usually go?
When would there be someone sitting on a chair that you cannot see?
What is covered in plants?
What can someone do after going to bed?
Where is a cow likely to be happy at night?
Where is a soldier likely to fight from?
What is a health benefit of jumping rope?
How would an artist create a fox?
Where is lint unlikely to be?
What is something that you eat that has a heel?
When one sees an apple tree, where does one tend to be?
The showroom had  variety of automobiles, where was this showroom located?
Bill saw a wild animal some place where he never expected to see one.  What might that place have been?
The plates needed to be stored in their proper place, which was where?
Where do nurses work with one doctor?
What do you get when procreating goes awry?
The mail fell out of my box and scattered in the win, where did it land?
The cat was wild but like all others he was always read for a cat what?
Where would you find a monitor wall that is used for watching moving lines?
Jim's grass didn't get any sunlight because he parked his car over it.  The grass began to do what?
What happens when a child reads something?
Residents though the city should manage garbage waste, so what did the city create to handle it?
Where did the monkey chase the weasel?
A fertilizer is making a flower grow, what is likely to happen next?
Where would you throw some pennies?
The boy's mind was not right.  He couldn't care for himself, so he had to be what?
Where might a ferret get tangled?
Where would you find a telephone directory in public?
A child is in a meadow in spring, what might the child do?
What would a cat want if it is not hungry but it is bored?
When a person has a meal or sips hot drinks while reading, what will happen?
If you wanted to grow an apple tree, you'd probably start where?
A detective tries to discover truth, some of the best results are from gathering witnesses and doing what?
Where might be a well manicured lawn?
What would happen if you are expressing yourself and someone does not agree with you?
Dan's job was talking phone calls.  That was his only job.  He didn't get to do what?
The therapist told him he had to communicate his problems, he said to just be willing to do what?
Where is a good place to set an attache case other than a desk?
Where might baggage be searched?
Where is known for it's red suspension bridge?
WHat is another name for cat?
The stabbing to death of a person is likely to create what on the ground?
What will telling many people about someone's escapades lead to?
Sam experienced a great deal of confusion because of what he suffered. What might he have suffered?
What colors are in the RBG model?
If you're releasing energy with another person and you're both naked, what are you likely to be having?
In order to wrestle better you lift weights to?
When kids jump up and down and run around laughing they are having what?
What would you do to a television after you finish using television?
What does someone do to win while competing?
What does someone feel after running twenty six miles?
The insects were bigger this time.  They were exposed to a significant level of DDT. How were they exposed?
The animals didn't have any sense of shame.  They just had sex by the water, and sometimes dipped in to do what?
If you're using your reaching advantage on a high cliff what should you be careful not to do?
The entrance hall was adorned with sports and academic trophy cases and a big banner where?
Many people have a mailbox where near the road?
The man loved all sorts of puzzles, he would do crossword puzzle every morning to be what?
What drinking vessel can overflow if filled with too much water?
Greed will cause a real estate agent to do what in order to sell a house?
You'd want marine grade steel cable aboard your what?
What do people in love do after they get married?
Where are adults likely to be paid to to sit at a desk?
Why do people socialize when they first get a new job?
What room, that doesn't normally have a side chair, helps you work from home?
People often have to take medicine, they tend to keep it where?
What type of location would you find fish for sale?
The weasel had stolen the chicken eggs from the farm, it made it's escape through the tall what?
Smoking certain drugs will not have a desired effect without a proper what?
The passing sentence was one of guilty, now the defendant was cuffed and had to what?
What could using a driving car help someone to be?
What structure had to use a launching platform many times to escape the Earth's gravity?
Why would someone be driving a car?
What would happen immediately after drinking alcohol?
After a winning baseball game, what experience would a team member feel?
A kid is studying new words at home in the kitchen, where could a dictionary be?
The person isn't a dog person, but you can find the person how?
What might make a person smile?
If you exercise intensely what can happen to your respiration?
Where is a bird likely to feel free?
What might not returning to work cause?
The person used a candle to navigate up the spiral staircase, where were they likely?
The aggressive soldiers were getting drunk, what are they at they at risk of doing with the locals?
What meal do we often have corn on the cob with?
What are the potential outcomes of playing ball?
Joe worked for the company for years.  He had connections and what?
What is the goal of working hard to achieve something?
John played a stringed instrument.  Billy was the singer.  James was the drummer.  Vince played the keyboard and piano.  What might they have been?
Who will be voted as the most likely to be successful?
As he flipped through a yearbook he had fond memories of playing cornet in his what?
When people have guests over, what do they often do for their guests?
What does a person use to smell things?
Where are you likely to find a comforter in many beds?
What public celebration sometimes has a horse show?
Marmot's don't uisually live in buildings.They're most likely to be found where?
Where does someone with a signature rubber stamp work?
The all star was still playing ball in the championship, he wasn't one hundred percent because of a what?
Other than women's leggings what is commonly made of nylon?
Where do people go to shop for fruit?
John looked for shade but couldn't find any. Where might be be?
Sam doesn't like moving his garbage can, so he just leaves it where it can be picked up.  Other people are annoyed by this because  it blocks part of what?
If union workers go off strike it means management did what?
He needed to provide, so he was always working, what did he want to accomplish?
Cats are laying by the refrigerator why do they do that?
Where will glue stay usable?
After answering questions from the press for hours, what did the police chief feel?
Mal would cover the whole at night, but he always left a what for his cats?
Where would a marmot feel most confined?
Sam reflected on his long life, which started in 1918.  How long has Sam lived?
What place could have thousands or millions of back garden?
What could you use a net as?
What can prevent a person from being lonely when they are out for coffee?
John wanted to meet interesting people, but he always drove them away.  He felt that he needed to be more what?
The child asked what a mammoth was, so his grandpa got a volume of the what out to show the child?
Sharks can be dangerous to encounter, they can be found in each of the whats?
John spent hours polishing his tires, because he wanted to take his vehicle where?
If you have free time and the electricity is out what can you do to entertain yourselves?
Where are there millions of blowfish?
If there is a bird at my window, what is it likely sitting on?
What could you make with your voice?
What type of people get books written about them?
He could never remember the last line of the what he was set to perform?
What would a christian student do if they are not good at learning?
What must someone do first before changing society?
The gifted man had a passion for singing alto, but he also played an instrument in the what?
What  is necessary to have when going fishing?
If people major in computer science, what is a logical career path for them?
Everybody learns about germs in school, but if you want an expert talk to a what?
Where can a person buy a snake?
If a person bought food from a grocery store, what will they do next?
I need to store my honey, where should it go?
The teacher told her students to listen, what did she want from them?
What does every person have that makes them feel?
Simon's instructions were not clear.  Claire found them to be what?
What gas vehicle uses a chain to move the back wheel?
What is needed in order to be able to buy presents for others?
She was taken aback by his real personality, what were other past boyfriends like to her?
What is important for a couple to do?
The hot weather was unbearable and I needed relief, what did I go to do?
In what sort of container should you keep your ficus?
Bobby was just having fun when he jumped off of the slide, but that didn't help.  When he landed, he had what?
I was having a bath for 4 hours, what might I suffer from physiologically?
While performing she fell off the stage causing what?
Where would you expect to see a coach in Europe or South America?
If you are setting up folding chairs before a sermon where are you?
He was told everybody is beautiful in their own way, however what he saw in the mirror he found what?
What would you use to find a company?
Beavers are native to the northwest of north american such as what canadian region?
Sam had tickets to the concert hall, but really didn't like to go because it was too loud.  He traded them for tickets to what?
Susan was an ordinatry person, but her skills were not ordinary, they were what?
Where is a marmot likely to live?
The boy loved to surprise his mother by jumping out from hiding and giving her a good what?
Where would you find bleachers inside?
James and Sarah went to the soccer field to spend their time, because it was muddy where they usually go.  Where might they usually go?
If you want the comfort of the familiar, where might you go?
What cold tall area are you likely to find  a marmoset in?
He knew of prairie dogs back home but wasn't sure if what he saw was a marmot, but the outback tour guide explained it was during his tour of where?
They were under several feet of dirt.  James always found it claustrophobic.  He hated using it.  What did he hate using?
Where might someone have a drink and watch comedy?
They were throwing a surprise party but failed, turned out to the guest of honor it was what?
What could happen to guns if they are wet?
If you're going to buy a house for your family you're about to do what?
A product that has been out of stock but is now restocked is what?
What should a person feel when doing responsible action with their pet, such as walking a dog?
Jane thought that the show was entertaining. Watching it brought her  what emotion?
What sets escalators apart from stairs?
What is a computer user likely to think a computer crash  is?
Sam was an alcoholic.  He was in a car crash two years ago and was injured.  Where might he have crashed?
Unlike Mars and all its dust, what is full of all sorts of features from soil and rock to water and grass?
The racer got a false start for leaving line early, the official's countdown will now what?
What delta state is known for bbq?
Where are rosebushes typically found outside of large buildings?
What is the first thing a spouse might do when they get up early?
What country is a marmoset from?
In the modern days we give what kind of classification to buildings to protect them from being town down?
What fruit growing area is not likely to contain an apple tree?
The man and the woman chipped the wood for their garden and then did what to it?
A sloth is often found napping in the branches of what damp region?
What can I find that is about 4.5% alcohol?
The heater broke down before the city's Christmas party, so they could no longer host the party in the what?
If I want to build a soccer field, but can't find space in a crowded city, where should I look?
Where can I get a drink?
Jimmy Olson wanted to visit the daily planet.  His subway stop was in what city?
What the final step for a farmer after making things grow?
After chewing food and swallowing it during meals, what needs to happen for you to be able to successfully use the bathroom later?
Billy called out to John, and listened for what?
Ben didn't have much respect for Sue. He would always do what about her wishes?
When he couldn't hear the sickness in her voice over the phone anymore he told the object of his love you what?
Where should you keep a pet lizard?
Billy was a kooky person, but he wasn't gay.  What was he?
If people have trouble finding enough resources to fulfill their calorie requirements, what might they have to do?
When people are playing sports for to long what happens?
A monkey is native to what place that usually has no people?
John didn't like getting in line.  He  had been working for a long time and was suffering from what?
Why did the student raise her hand?
Where do you keep computer speakers?
Sally  often went jogging in the morning, but she rode her bike less than one per year.  You could say she did so how often?
If you're about to reach a stop sign in your car what must you do?
The judge had ruled the murder case could be reopened, excavation soon began where?
where do some monkeys tend to live taht is hot?
Other than school or from text where can one gain knowledge?
The soldiers raised their rifles toward the invading soldiers with hate, what are they looking to do?
What do people in a family typically do on the holidays?
What should you put on the floor?
Those that have a difficult time when they communicate with others struggle to do what?
Reaching tentative agreement is the first result when two side make what to come closer together?
The cabin wasn't as small as it seemed.  It was, in fact, multiple bunkrooms connected by a what?
Where are things sometimes organized by a card catalog?
Other than wining what outcome is possible when people are competing?
The plane taxied onto the runway with lots of civilians inside, where was it bound?
Water is used as a mirror when designing a what?
Amy sat down and turned on her monitor.  She only had an hour of time to do her work.  Where might she be?
What is happens when someone comes back from death?
Why would a band be performing in front of a large number of people?
What do you want to prevent after you get an injury?
Van Gogh fretted over his painting because it appeared different, what was he scared of?
Who is it important to pay attention to when attending school?
The fugu blowfish is found in what environment?
He was injured and on disability, what did he need to have to receive government benefits?
The nose dipped and alarms went off inside the what?
The steak house was superb, everybody enjoyed their steaks and particularly the side of corn that made which state famous?
The shark was sick of the confines of its tank, what was it looking for?
The car preferred hunting in the dark, what ability did it have that its prey did not?
The bachelor was too lazy to take the groceries out of the shopping bag, he just put the full bags right in his pantry what?
If people are scared, why would they get a gun?
When someone is watching a film, what are they hoping for?
Remembering a terrible event is likely to cause what?
The hot dogs were selling fast at intermission, where were they being sold?
Where might someone go to watch a flute?
Billy is going to sleep.  What will he be for the next few hours?
If an apple tree were in the North, where would it be?
When old conservative people observe a changing society, what do the experience?
What happens when we fail at something we attempt?
Sometimes when you go into a deep trance, what happens when you no longer feel attached to your body?
what period did mammoth's live in?
What might someone not wanting a hamburger want?
Learning about science can cause what emotion?
Where is a traffic artery likely to be clogged?
It was going to be a long winter during his commute, the heater had gone out in his what?
What would a sick person do if he or she is not treated?
John thought that Mary was beautiful despite her injury.  But Mary believed that she was what?
What is typically the attitude of a child waiting for something?
What does someone experience after eating lunch?
The committee had more responsibility, they were a fast growing what?
If you have a need for finding information through instruction what should you do?
The double edged razor was used to cut tape.  It was found in what box?
What did the honest real estate agent refuse to do to a client?
What is listening a big part of?
They're living conditions put restrictions on their pet ownership, they only had a small dog because they lived where?
He always traveled up the mountain when winter arrived, he had a passion and desire to do what?
When their engagement has ended what do soldiers get to do?
What would people feel if they are agreeing with each other?
What should someone suffering from ignorance seek?
The advertisement appeared outside of a central Wisconsin town, where was it located?
It may have many an eye but it doesn't see you peel it's skin off, what is it?
Where would you buy wearable gold?
What is the responsibility of many an adult?
What could have a title on it which takes up a large percentage of the space?
Where would you store a board game?
What do you do to learn new things for a test?
Mary was in motion the whole time.  From per perspective, it looked like everyone else was what?
The fox was caught by animal control, where was it released?
How much water would there be if there was not a little amount of water?
Where do you get petrol?
If one sees a fox and is standing in a coastal, eastern seaboard state, where is this person?
What do people call it when they are going for run?
Where can you see a mountain in your own home?
What is a sport that involves hurdles?
What is a clever way to say someone isn't very good at what they do?
Joe learned some relaxing exercises from his therapist.  They all centered around what sort of action?
When people have a birthday what normally happens?
What happens to a person when they're confronted with something unexpected?
What does too much lead do to a person?
James was in shock.  What he just learned was not what?
When I go to Spain, what should I try to practice first?
A person met me in the lobby of the office.  We didn't have much in common, but we did something before going up to the meeting.  What did we do?
A person walked into a church that was located near a store.  Where might the church be?
If a human wants to harm another person, what should he join?
What would happen if you are sleeping well?
The teen was required to go to school, which made him a what?
Why do people compete in sports?
Sally likes to create art. It's better than sex. Putting brush to canvas gives you what sort of feeling?
What could happen to you if you are cleaning on the 10th floor of an unfinished building?
Where would you put your foot if it is already covered in cloth?
He truly was a marathon runner, even after running twenty six miles he wasn't even beginning to what?
She needed a diaphragm, she went to buy one where?
One reason to keep going to work is what?
Bar service is a very important part of what kind of celebration?
Sarah had a sharp mind, but she wasn't social. She was very what?
Where can food stay cold?
Where might you find a penny beside your shoe?
Why would someone light a fire?
Simon put crayon pictures on the wall of what?
What is someone who is bad unlikely to be called?
Johnny saw a person with torn pants it work.  He thought the person was silly, and he should have done what?
Where would you find a window in a house?
What is the reason that playing games sometimes take on a more serious tone?
The woman was watching TV instead of going to the gym, what was she at risk of doing?
What is the primary reason for visiting a shop?
Where would a wooden chair be a good fit for?
Businesses giving assistance to those in need build what?
What can be the result of meeting people with similar attitudes?
What is something children do at home that is very addictive?
Where would you buy a brand new mandolin with a storage box?
Bailey was a real estate agent and good at his job.  He could easily do what to people?
He was jealous of the winner, his eyes were what with envy?
What kind of flight cannot be taken to s foreign country?
A school is necessary for every one of these. What are they?
Cows outnumber people 4 to 1 in what state north of Kansas?
The organization was giving assistance to families, what were the families dealing with?
If you're talking to something then you probable hope that you're also doing what?
What always happens to someone after he or she finishes getting divorce?
Exercise seems foreign to those who are just plain what?
What requires a very strong leader?
What bad habit do adults have that can cause lung cancer?
He volunteered to help them after the disaster, he was able bodied and hoped to be what?
What would happen if a salesman didn't do his job right?
The meteorologist said that there was a storm coming.  This forced John to delay his trip to what location?
Why might someone continue smoking?
What do you do to meet interesting people?
Sam searched for important information about obscure subjects. Where might he look for it?
Today was beautiful, clear blue skies are nice but there's nothing to look at up there if it isn't a little what?
Billy loved choose, but he didn't put it on his meal because he was watching his weight. He even used a low fat what?
What is a place with tens of millions of people living in it where you could find an excavation?
Where do you throw garbage?
A valid contract has to be?
When it came to sex the couple were very strict, they were going to what the wedding to do it?
Where would a clock help you to know when something will get there?
Some people really love competing, it is usually a safe way to get out a little what?
How are people not likely to find those always holding  a remote?
How is someone in a new relationship likely to feel about kissing?
Billy wanted to see a Forrest. Where might he go?
James stove didn't work, so he had to cook where?
What does ice on skin cause?
Animals are unselfconscious and just do what?
This can set in after going to work with to little sleep?
What would sex in a happy relationship be called?
What happens when you are drinking alcohol too much?
The bald eagle has been a protected species, this is in part due to a dwindling what?
There was a fast food restaurant every 200 feet to help handle the foot traffic, what is this characteristic of in general?
There is no skylight or anything else to let in light in what kind of structure?
Where might a jellyfish get cold?
What causes an apple tree to grow?
The anemone was being harvested for sale in New York, where was it likely taken from?
The computer user did not know what he was doing at all, this made the instructional course pure what for him?
What would you have if you poured water on yourself?
When the baby birds fell out of the nest, the mom bird did what?
The football field was all ready for Friday night at the local what?
The man immediately recognized his picture opposite the crossword section, what was he reading?
What could a ticket be used to watch?
In what room would you expect to find the sugar?
From where can you take home a highlight?
It seemed the artist now spent more time dreaming than creating, it was as if was waiting for a random strike of what?
In order to fight inflation you should be doing this?
The car hit a post, but the driver didn't stop.  He did what?
They wanted to put on a show about being human beings, which ironically worked because none of them could do what well?
What does killing people induce in a normal person?
When frozen it showed solidity, but as it thawed and melted it showed what?
Where would you look up what an anemone is?
There was shattered glass, blood and a gun, so the detective told another cop to tape off the perimeter of the what?
The hand was gentle, I washed around the dirt soly and softly.  But the chemicals were a different story.  They were very what?
I'm tired of holding this lamp, where might I place it?
How could excessive heat do to cause you to fall down?
I get hot when I run, so what am is my body likely to do?
The baker got a new delivery of sugar, he opened the bag and poured it in the storage what?
A ferret would probably growl if it is in what kind of state?
The referee called a foul when one player punched another.  The player went to the penalty box. What game are they playing?
The invasive A.I. was designed to scan the crowd, where most saw a mass of humanity the evil machine could pick out each what?
Where is mountain marmot likely ot live?
what does losing when competing against someone likely to cause?
Giovanni has a wine cellar like many of his compatriots, where is he likely living?
If something is offered as free pay attention to the small print or it could end up being what?
The churchyard looked peaceful after the fresh snow, the frozen great lake added to the serene scene where?
Where do you go to see live entertainment?
What would a test be if it is not hard?
Where can a finger be warm?
Where is a larger shopping mall likely to be?
Where is a student likely to keep their notebook?
What is likely to have a thick membrane?
The ball was in Lucy's court, which was good, since she played handball here all the time.  Where might she be/
Getting drunk and using stairs can be dangerous, one might find themselves what?
If you're fiddling with a slippery object, what are you likely to do?
Where would you see footprints that happen due to dirt being left behind inside?
What do you do when shopping in a packed store?
Where would you find a desk drawer which has people nearby whose age could be orders of magnitude different from each other?
The interior designer didn't like the office just yet, so she tried putting a colorful rug under the computer what?
To avoid problems when going somewhere, whats a crucial step you should take?
John ran very fast, his feet touched the ground in what way?
What can happen when eating breakfast but not choosing the amount of food correctly?
John saw a billboard every day on his way to work.  The billboard was visible from where?
John took his place at the table, along with the others.  What might they have been doing?
If you're needing to gain more land and have few resources what do you have to do?
The support team landed in the disaster zone, they hoped to provide what?
When one is looking at a series of attributes, how are they typically displayed?
What are you doing when you're climbing a mountain?
Press people were waiting for the embarrassed politician to give his resignation speech, what were they expecting to hear?
What is another way to say someone is a failure?
If someone brings candy to a group of children what will happen?
Where do you keep your beer at home?
What happens when applying a heat source to combustible materials?
Some cultures find it odd that other cultures have this kind of bathroom in an apartment?
Who might use a double edged razor to cut things precisely?
A villain in the middle ages is a type of what?
They had checked out the shipwreck with robotic ones, but now it was time to send a human down in a what?
After hours of trouble the woman finally gave what to a child?
The man was hungry and going fishing, what was he planning to do with the fish?
I communicate in public streets, what is my goal?
If I have to pass through a ticket booth to ride a roller coaster, where am I likely?
James got a teabag and boiled some tea, he then poured it into a container, put it away, and went back to his computer.  Where did he put the tea?
Losing weight may mean fat is going through what?
The famous cornet was displayed so everybody could see it with other famous items where?
Where would you put groceries after you have bought them and reached your house?
Space, planets, moons and everything we can observe is part of what?
James wasn't a bad person, but he was bitter do to being trapped in a wheelchair.  James which he could be more what?
If people are looking for fun in the summertime, where's one good place for them to go?
Where would a company's committee meet for a meeting?
Why would someone stop having food?
Billy turned off the water by using the diaphragm.  A diaphragm is a type is what?
Where is a snake likely to startle a farmer?
What mammal has a diaphragm?
A person is choking, what happens to their face?
A person may need more meaning to life which would result in what religious following?
The glass window was transparent and thin.   James leaned on ed on it and it cracked.  It was what?
Air conditioning makes summers more comfortable in what work spaces?
What does passionate kissing cause?
Why would you be using television?
Suzie waited in a room covered with posters of celeberties and robots.  She liked this place, but she wished it was better decorated.  Where might she be?
James put a divider between arithmetic and English.  This meant that he could continue using what?
Where would you expect to see a human eye?
Amelia tried to aim for the small isle, but the water of the what was coming on fast?
Dave worked hard because he wanted to know what his wife was thinking and feeling.  He put effort into listening to her  and this lead to him understanding her better.  Both of them found something in this. What did they obtain?
What were people's thoughts on the bad words being said in church?
What lawn is most likely to be on a street?
What do many people do to a person on their birthday?
Both sides in World War I used what to cause death that is now banned?
Where would you expect to see a white fox?
Outside of the city where could you find a sloth in a small zoo?
What would a person working in an office need after a system crash?
Life goes different ways for different folks, sometimes good friends have to what?
I am hungry, what would be a way to alleviate this?
What would you do to numbers that are positive integers to get a result that is at most twice as large?
What effect did the TV have on the kids?
Billy was doing his homework at the last minute but he could barely think straight.   What might he have been suffering from?
He looked down from the observation deck on the 75th storey, it was quite the view from the top of the what?
Where should watch to avoid being pinched by a crab?
James spent his days at his cottage trying to capture the beauty of the landscape, but he wasn't good at it. He was never good at it.  What isn't he good at?
After washing clothes in what condition are they?
You eat popcorn when you go to see what?
What could happen to guns if they are hit on the ground?
Where is pavement usually found?
An island off the coast of of California is located where?
After hours of eating, what did he satisfyingly have?
What do people feel when something good happens?
What should one do in order to relieve burnout from staying too long at home?
What is a bound stack of papers called?
If you are getting in shape you cannot do this when trying to achieve your goals?
The teacher walked up and down the rows of seats checking the belts, then gave the okay for the what to leave?
What do airplanes do?
Where can you find people trying to alleviate suffering?
The only thing, that every human has, that is absolutely necessary to play a harmonica is what?
What is goal of playing games on computers?
How is someone likely to feel about someone hurting someone else they love?
Where is the cub's baseball stadium?
When people have a lot of things to do, what activity can help them organize?
Round bread covered with cheese and pepperoni comes out of an oven at what sort of eatery?
Where would there be many people with umbrellas if there is rain?
If you're still in love and end up stopping being married to your partner, what emotion are you likely to experience?
A person and his friends had a wonderful weekend trip, what did they create together that will last a lifetime?
What kind of playing game could result in you winning?
Tim flies airplanes, but not passenger planes.  He doesn't have to worry about passengers. All he has to do is what?
Why would people be getting in line?
If you listen to someone talk without talking yourself, you might do what?
As he left he questioned her love, he said if her was true she would what him?
Where would you put a wedding ring before proposing?
Where can you keep a candle in case of emergency?
Mice live many places, but what is their native habitat?
What happens to a sick person when he or she is not sick any more?
What is likely the result of praying leading to the desired outcome?
What is someone likely to call a bazaar in the US?
He drank coffee every morning on his commute, he said it gave him energy for what?
Other than a municipal park, where would you find a tennis court?
What might happen after buying too much beer?
The man was in a rut of selfish thoughts and decided to commit suicide, he didn't think of the what it would cause others?
The elephant swam the river with its trunk above the water, what could it do?
When lights bulbs fade into darkness, where are we likely?
Hurting else is a crime, if convicted you could face what?
Where do you store your groceries when you drive home?
Where can someone buy a fresh potato?
The students were all told to sit quietly, the trouble child stayed quiet but would not what?
What does waiting for something for a response from an interview cause?
The ranch house was built outside of Butte, where was it located?
What device with a lens would you use to take photos?
Joe got his kid a plush bald Eagle.  Where did he probably get it from?
A birthday celebrates when a person reaches a what?
The act of traveling is simple, you're just what?
Where are leaves best left?
Someone who doesn't believe in the divine could be called what?
When you hair grows too long and heavy you can cut it to make it more what?
What do humans often do while they're asleep?
What would you put a spoon next to before adding food to it?
What do many people believe happens after you die?
How do children know they're in a dangerous situation?
The jury deliberated for hours, the choice of passing sentence required them to make a what?
Where is a dentist likely to be busy because of hockey?
If you do not have any corn, where would you get it?
The young lady favored his wealth, she did not care how what he was?
The lizard was at the zoo, the protester stole it and returned it to the what?
What should student do if they want to learn different ways of seeing the world?
What is someone likely to feel while going into a trance?
Sarah tried to manage the evacuation, but it was difficult.  She needed special supplies because all around them was what?
The person answered the door when the mailman knocked, what likely happened next?
Where is a person doing housework likely to work?
Jan wasn't very good at studying.  What might help him study better?
Charlie had a desire to learn, but didn't live near a school, so what did he do?
Celebrating sports teams sometimes start what when they get out of hand?
What could happen to your shoes if you are going for run?
What could happen if you are going fishing in a river and fall down?
Bob raised the curtain and people descended upon him like a hoard.  He regretted his job on this of all days. Where does Bob work?
If a person is unhappy, what would be the opposite of that?
A requirement committing murder is that someone must what?
Sam would cry when he watched Old Yeller.  The movie was what?
Where can a human take flight?
He was very formal when talking to others, he always maintained an effort to what?
Dogs are active pets, especially on hot days it's important to keep their bowl full because they what?
A frigid family wanted to buy a heater, so where did they have it installed?
Where would you keep a business telephone directory?
James's duffel bag was too heavy to carry with him, so he left it where?
He chuckled to himself while hiking because of a saying, he had spotted a what on the mountain?
Joe did something very bad and he was worried that The People would try punishing him.  What type of punishment might be be worried about?
A sedentary lifestyle of always sitting down is nearly as unhealthy as a bad diet, but still people sit on the couch all day and what?
What do we call television that we enjoy watching a lot?
When people start learning about science and presented with hard science facts, many of them turn to what, despite what they may have learned growing up?
What is it called when horses move quickly in one direction?
What does an apple tree need to grow?
The tourists swam in a swimming pool, isolated from the rest of the country, where were they?
You need to press down and twist the top of this to get your pill out. What is it?
Sam felt that you needed to improve yourself.  She said that you should take the time to collect your thoughts and clear your mind.  Why does she want you to improve yourself?
Where do people say god is at all times?
Where would you find many products for sale?
Where is music likely to be playing in a elevator?
If you're reading a good book what has the author done to you?
A single grain of sand can cause what to make a precious stone?
What happens on a tree when its first growing?
Where do students usually measure a triangle?
What keeps a cigarette fresh?
Where is a good place to buy a fishing rod?
Most humans by shoes in pairs, this is because they happen to have what?
How does someone begin eating?
Where can one find a variety of bread?
What can happen  to someone too sure of their learning?
They were finding information on their political enemies, what did they hope to gain?
What does a farmer have to do when there is no precipitation?
If shark is stuffed and preserved,where might it be displayed?
What does someone do while going jogging?
The address label was attached to the 3 pound what?
You will find many swamps in the in the southern U.S. along what geographic feature?
The teacher took the children out of the playroom to change diapers, where did the teacher work?
A man wanted to catch his favorite show, what is he most likely to do?
The humorous is a bone located where?
The bus stop was downtown, who likely is responsible for operating it?
Where would you likely find a spa alongside similar services?
Thrill seeking people who love competition might be found in one of these?
When the man was preparing for having a bath, what did he look for in the water?
Sam spent most of his time standing up.  His job was hectic and he never got any rest. But he was the best cashier at his workplace.    Where might he work?
The gentleman from France wanted to join what?
She knew what presents she was getting, none of them were what she wanted and so she felt what?
where do you have dressing rooms for all types of things?
What do people fear when they speak of crossing over?
Why might someone be going into a trance?
What does someone need when they're feeling hunger?
Sally went out to look for a stepladder.  Where might she have gone?
Where would you get some knives if you do not have any?
She had to finish reading book for school, but it was late and she kept what?
Colorado is two states away from the border with what nation?
After the killing of another young member of the community people began to really what?
What happens when people have no nourishment?
She wore tight jeans, she wanted everybody to see her thigh what?
After eating very quickly and jumping up and down, what is likely to occur?
Sahmbi was  lying about the fugitive's location.  He was lying because he wanted to avoid legal what?
What can he do to eliminate his ignorance?
Where would works be on the wall?
What could you be doing if you are relaxing and are awake but have your eyes closed?
What is a body of water similar to a stream is called?
Some cars have racing lines on them called?
Why do people primarily partake in surfing?
If you're releasing energy through running, what will you likely find on your skin?
If I am in an auditorium watching an amateur play, where am I likely?
What does an interstate highway go accross?
The lizard lived at the base of the ancient longest wall, what country did it likely live in?
The government decided it was time to allow companies to do the practice they once what?
What in a car could have an led?
What is that lawyers are always doing while they were growing up?
Where is a dinner sometimes sold as a plate?
Where do you use a ball to knock things down?
What could a driver do that could distract him or her while he or she is in a driving car?
When musicians give exceptional performances you've seen a great what?
Where is your condo if you're drinking Schlitz?
Where do tourists frequent most in mexico?
The Mormon owned steak house was always busy, it was a great place to visit where?
Where can one find multiple closets?
What do you conduct drinking out of?
Joe and John and sylvia were all running errands. They split up their tasks into blocks that were near each other and then each person took one block of tasks.  They did this because it gave them more what?
What is chatting with friends a type of?
Lying to a spouse is likely to make them?
I want to make new friends when I socialize at the party, what should I do?
Artie Shaw became famous playing a clarinet in what outfit?
A kitchenette is common in what dwellings that are stacked on top of each other?
All the business owners had a monthly committee meeting, it was to introduce new tenants and discuss issues of the what?
In the city the family didn't have a back yard, but now they did since they lived in a what?
Where are student likely to utilize a parking structure?
You can hang laundry in the sun to do what?
Dinner was finished and the dishes cleared, the bust boy then wiped all the crumbs off the what?
Where would you put a marker if you plan to use it soon at the same location?
How is a soldier likely to travel?
If people are shot in the head by a bullet, what is the likely result?
People keep their teddy bear in their beds in their room, which is found in a?
Where would you go to take a chair home?
Where can you buy previously owned metal items?
where are people likely to be joyous?
Sean was a native English speaker, a fact that he found helpful.  Ludwig didn't speak the language well because he was what?
Where might you feel cramped in a cubicle?
What type of breathing can be dangerous?
You don't usually find a mall in what areas outside big groups of people?
If a person is craving lemonade and there's a festival in town, where might they go to quench their thirst?
What does a person want to fit in with?
If you're in an eatery and not in the country, where are you?
A lot of people go to museums to experience this, what is it?
When people have conflicts with one another, what might happen?
Living life is about good and bad experiences and doing what from them?
What is a place where every creature lives?
What is a place with only one telephone book that many people can use?
Where is someone likely to store their comforter?
Sarah's forgot her purse. She couldn't be the clothes she wanted.    She would have to drive all the way back where?
Billy wants to understand people better.  He's a very big-hearrted person,  He has a lot of what?
WHat does a teacher do for a student over the semester?
Where is all compost found?
What do you call a metal that is not cheap?
What can an adult do that a young child cannot in the morning?
What drives the people to play well in fencing?
Why might a house be going to market?
What would people do if they are agreeing with each other?
If you have a ticket and you are planning to eat popcorn, where would you go?
A person that is really skilled with harmonica might find a gig with what sort of group?
Where could you find a library that only friends can visit?
He got tickets to go to performance of his idol, he had a lot of what for him?
If you don't use a towel after getting wet, you body may do what?
Which larger group contains snare drum players and is usually done at a sports game?
A poet has to do what when telling stories about exotic locations?
Where would a human make a public call be made?
Where did the old ladies indoor only pet cat stay?
When do you bring a clock to a clockmaker?
The local environmentalist and philanthropist passed away, he was memorialized on a bench located where?
Where are you likely to see stars out the window?
Why might others think a person is crazy?
When he saw begrudgingly the plain landscape of his new home, what type of geography did he miss?
If someone is a drunkard, what kind of person is he or she not?
Where might someone keep  moistener?
Where do fans watch people kick a ball?
Brenda spent a lot of effort on washing herself.  She hated what?
The lizard tried to stay cool by resting in what sort of location?
After being on his feet all day he told his boss he was taking a break and doing what on the bench?
What did the children do out in the field?
What would you be unable to do on a mountain if there is not good weather?
The people who fly in an airplane are commonly called what?
The roadway had fallen into disrepair, the citizens took their complaints to the where?
What could using computer not cause if you are paralyzed?
She said you had to pay extra for her to swallow semen, something you'd only hear from a what?
What would you do after hard work if it is not dark outside yet?
Where should you look for your yoyo if it was stolen by a bratty young person?
Opening business was a passionate dream of his, but he'd be lying if he didn't want to what too?
He hated having meeting while having food, he didn't want to hear somebody eat and what?
The teach was very enthusiastic, she got all the children involved and they would all what?
What does a round glass do?
Who do you give money to at a ticket booth?
How would you get to a town?
What place of worship often has a lot of candles?
Where are woods likely to not have evergreens?
They were having a hard time see what areas of the wall need a second coat of paint, they needed another light source so the plugged in another what?
If I was using a hairpin on a female customer where do I need to put it?
Where are pictures kept with magnets?
When the pond near the train tracks froze over the local kids all played hockey, it was the stereotypical thing to do where?
A disposable razor is aptly named, it ends up where?
How can a farmer get more work done?
What meal usually has carrots and mostly leafy vegetables?
The jellyfish was pushed along by the water.  It was caught in what?
How can you help a person who is broke?
Where in a house can you find toilet paper?
The amateur didn't realize his chicken wouldn't lay enough eggs without a what?
What are most people trying to do when going on vacation?
I want to purchase both frozen food and party supplies in one stop, where would I go?
What might be felt by a crowd during an intense competition?
The beautiful women walked up and down the catwalk, the cameras flashed and everybody was enjoying the what?
What is a dangerous outdoor activity for children?
He could make even the average story dramatic, he had a knack for being what?
What could you see from a courtyard?
The man was very tired and sore, he decided to stay in bed to what?
Where would my son place his paper plate?
What kind of place could you find a beaver in?
Where is a good place for a safabed to be so it can also be used for seating?
Where would you find a public amphitheatre in a city?
If a pregnant woman is diagnosed with exhaustion, what is a likely treatment?
What could someone try to prevent by eating breakfast with specific food?
Where in a city would you find many box offices?
Where does someone obtain a frying pan?
What do we have to do before we are able to begin work?
Where is garbage brought to by garbagemen?
The judge had to hear testimony from everybody who would what that day?
The faithful believe that when they're praying they are doing what?
The children were running late for school, after eating breakfast they left behind their what?
The morbidly obese man with unkempt facial hair got his dream job, he was eating hamburger for a show every week which brought him total what?
He was trying to contemplate the formula, as it came to him he filled out the whats?
The mom told her son to stay in bed instead of going to school, what did she likely say afterwards?
He hadn't paid the tax or many other bills for that matter, he had horrible what?
The water spout at the center was impressive.  The spout was at the center of what?
I had some old stuff that could be valuable , where did I send it?
Why would  you smoke despite warnings?
which half of the earth do marmots live in?
By playing with educational materials, what were the children doing?
What do ships other than cargo ships do when they are in the ocean?
What is a tool for fighting inflation?
To learn something new, what is something an adult can take?
Where would there be few or no people, regarless of whether there is rain?
Joe put the back of the painting against the way, and displayed what side?
When does christmas happen in Argentina?
Where could you see a mammoth that is not real?
Where are there very famous churchyard?
What can smoking lead to?
To avoid tripping while moving through your home, where should you have a light source?
What do you want to do to conquer opponent?
The man was sick of secular consumerism, what life did he seek instead?
Where would it be too cold for a marmoset?
What do people typically have a hard time doing while at a shop?
Knitting can cause what kind of illness in the hand?
Why would you cook dinner?
Where do wings symbolize a transition has happened?
He was her uncle, and she was his what?
Where would you find trees that provide food?
The food needs to be kept chilled but there is no refrigerator. Where should it be kept?
John was writing into the wee hours.  Because of this he left a mess where?
What are people doing when washing hands for a long time?
Where is one likely to find a wild fox?
Where can a person use pencils to keep score?
If someone is looking at a ceiling for issues before putting down a rent deposit, where are they likely?
Where could you see a gentleman that is not real?
I needed to find out how to contact a person with a certain name, where should I look?
Getting drunk often leads to what when people have disagreements?
What do you need to do on your face to watch film?
If you spend time finding information on math equations, what are you trying to do?
Where would you get prescription mouthwash?
Sarah thought that her party was a surprise, but it was entirely what?
Where do you keep instruments when you travel?
What type of closet are canned goods likely to be in?
What do you hold the handle of after going to Starbucks?
Jenny had trouble using the phone because she had to dial 9 to get an outside line.  And the manager wasn't very attentive to her needs, either.   Where might she be?
In a war, the killing ends when every person does what?
Though he despised pie, it reminded him of his wife when he ate it, what did he do to the pie?
Where would someone keep a grandfather clock?
Where is a student likely to have a ring binder?
How might someone feel if they spend time learning about a subject they're very passionate?
Where would there be a ticket office that has people with suitcases?
If I wanted to travel and get bar service, what is one of my best options?
Eating midday leads people to get what?
Where on the east coast of the U.S. would you find some of the most famous skyscrapers?
The teacher is answering questions, why?
Jane is contemplating  taking a break. She hurts and she is tired.  What does she need?
If a person can only eat certain things their diet is said to be what?
It's 9PM and John has a craving for carrots.  He gets into his car and where does he drive to?
What do all people have except sociopaths?
Sally loved the color of fallen leaves in autumn. She often took long walks in September.  Where might she walk?
While he had great disdain for the King and his knights he still respected their what?
Where do you use condoms?
People using a machine gun are a part of what?
Curiosity caused a cat to jump on john's table, and knock over his lunch.  It was ruined.  He needed to get more, by doing what?
What is a landscape gardner likely to do?
If your trouser fly is unfastened what should you do?
The apple tree was located outside the car factory, it was one of many where?
What can learning about the world from a shut in lead to?
Where do people keep their food cans?
Joe works in an establishment that is filled with stacks of small cardboard boxes with removable lids.  Where does Joe work?
What sort of life event might draw a large crowd of people together to celebrate?
A politician makes countless empty promises during a campaign, but the only real goal is to what?
He finished his business, he got up and gave the toilet a what?
What would call playing fetch with a small dog?
What is likely the result of remembering a deceased friend?
What will have to happen to a chess set before you can play chess?
Where can peanut butter be bought?
The patient was recovering well but still had a long recovery ahead, while chatting with friends he explained all the what?
If more than one person is talking to another what are they having?
A boss may like an employee's ambition, so the employee may get put what?
If you're running twenty six miles you need to be careful, you should make sure you do what throughout the run?
The monkey realized he was surrounded by water, where was the monkey?
What you viewing if you're not looking at paintings while visiting a museum?
Little sarah didn't think that anyone should be kissing boys.  She thought that boys had what?
Hitting what is likely to cause broken glass in a car?
Lars Ulrich might not be happy if your borrow a song from what?
The steak house where I come from is the best in where?
You can pick more than one number, or even pick a color on the what?
Why might someone without much to do keep driving?
What type of booking office is likely to be used for planning a trip?
Inspiration is the start, then it takes creativity to do what?
The world is natural geographically divided in parts, but man artificially divided it into what?
The travelers didn't have much money but didn't have far to travel, so were did they go?
What would a person be showing about their character by avoiding imprudent decsions?
What usually causes someone to stop eating?
If you're printing on a printer, someone might notice because of what?
What happens at the first opening of a business if it's not succesful?
Where could there be a cloud?
Sarah was cooling off too quickly after exercising hard.   She started doing what?
Where would you find a horse in the desert?
Fencing is a sport and like other sports their is a risk of what?
His wife began to worry when he was setting cup on table, she saw what shaking?
The coupon frenzied lady bought many bags of chips, she had her kids stuff the bags on the shelves in the what?
Why was the baby crying?
What is someone likely to feel after reaching a tentative agreement?
James loved to play violin.  He did it in his spare time because he found it what?
Where is a lake likely to be warm but untouched?
When a pillowcase is on a pillow where will it be?
John was living in a big city.  It had many roads and a lot of traffic.  He liked it, but didn't appreciate the smell.  He thought that there was too much what?
Where is an aisle likely to be surrounded by pews?
What liquid can be kept in a large container?
If you entire body is experiencing fatigue what would you do at the end of the day?
The entrance hall had the host standing inside, what was the host?
Before getting the refined mineral you begin with collecting and mining the what?
Knitting for a long time can lead to what condition?
What is the best place to store a pen?
What type of eating do people want to achieve when they eat vegetables?
He had a hard time getting his father's attention, he hoped that the winning baseball game would finally get him some what?
When watching a movie in a theater it is important to listen to the dialogue so the crowd in the theater must be what?
A person who is hungry and eating breakfast, what is their goal?
Bill saw that Lilly was praying. He wasn't religious, so he didn't pray himself.  He felt that it was just what?
The country didn't want to join the union. They felt that doing so would reduce them to the status of a what?
What is the most common but not long lasting side effect of having a bath?
Bill needed new socks so he went where?
Where can you watch a performance like a symphony?
John was going bathing in a public hot spring in japan, but he was embarrassed. What wasn't he comfortable with?
Where is a student likely to keep books?
Where are there many large rock?
What may you feel if your listening to your mother tell childhood stories to your date?
Where are you when an employee brings you cooked potatoes?
John got a raise, but he lost rank.  Overall, it was a good what?
What happens if you mess up while skating?
By the end of one field the sharp scythe wasn't cutting because it had become what?
Where is a very bad place to find a crab?
John walks down an aisle that is full of over the counter medication. and another with assorted items, toys, candy, and whatnot.  If there isn't any food other than candy, what type of store is he probably in?
Sally made a mistake.  She came home drunk and endeared the wrong house.   What was the relationship between the house and her neighbor?
James shaved, but this left a lot of hair where?
While he had seen a koala in the zoo, he was looking forward to finding one in the what?
The token was tossed aside carelessly, where did it end up?
Even though he was committing murder in self defense at the time, he still had what about having had done it?
Why do people want to play games?
Where could a marmot go to try to escape from you?
John's router kept going to sleep.  This made his internet searches much slower, because it increased this. What is this?
Where to put the rope before we start the hike?
What time of core value is likely to not be trivial?
What is a person the leader of after they are inagurated?
Greg wasn't interested in academics or history, so when he was visiting the museum with his class he was crushed by what feeling?
Though he was foreign he no longer carried an accent and people always just assumed he was what?
The corner shop was the epicenter of activity, it's where everybody that knew everybody hung around in the small what?
If one is drinking with the intention of getting drunk, what might your body experience?
Where would you give something other than money to a clerk?
Where would a highlighter be used in a legal case?
She had grown to despise her husband, she though committing murder was the only way to end her what?
He told his parents he was going to go somewhere, they told him to call when he what?
The scientist began to analyse the results of all the tests, he was hoping to do what ideas about the theory?
Pencils, paper and curiosity are all great things to bring with you when you do what?
What could silicone get stuck to and cause irritation?
The IMAX screen was even bigger than he imagined, it was so big he felt outdoors rather than in a what?
A marmot is an animal that is normally found in what type of environment?
What business is likely to have few cubicles?
Josh is someone who usually stays up late. He's very much a night person.   Now he's applying to for a nine to five job, but he's worried that he might get what?
What will happen to your clothes if you are full?
My idea of entertainment is gambling, where should I go?
You're not traveling but you need to put your shirt somewhere, what is the name of the object that you'd put it in?
What does a person sometimes do after they finish secondary education?
A human seeks clothing and electronics in the same place, where does he go?
If a person has stage fright and is about to go on stage what will they experience?
What might someone get on a test that requires an answer?
What would happen to a building if it is not needed any more?
He felt embarrassed he spilled his soup bowl, he knew the waiter who had to clean it up because he was at his favorite what?
If someone wants a changing society, what do they need from their government?
What would you need at least two computers to do?
The snake was found in a cave north of Texas.  Where might it have been found?
Where would you first look for your dog?
If I am playing a xylophone with a large, amateur ensemble of young people, what am I a member of?
What is a method expressing yourself while making an object of lasting beauty?
How do you usually rest when you are laying down in a bed?
What happens when someone is resting when they are tired?
Where are you likely to find more than one parking lot?
A builder looking for wood to build a new home is likely to visit what location?
His first big break wasn't with his band, but he played his musical instrument for the soundtrack of a what?
James was a mean person, but he was also very what?
After the lunch break, what did the men resume doing?
Where is a boat always supposed to be?
If someone is agreeing with everybody they're bound to get caught in the middle, this can create more of a what?
A wooden rod was used to wind up his freestanding what?
He was back in his hometown, he was planning on having fun and doing what?
What do dogs need to be happy?
What happens while chatting with friends about current events?
Where would a local terrorist end up if they are caught?
What must a foreign exchange student do to get around in the new country?
Why would a camper start burning logs?
Where would you buy something from a clerk?
Sarah put her food in a trash can beside her desk.  Where might she have been?
If you want to stay warm while watching television you're take your comforter where?
where can you sit to work on your needlepoint near your front door?
What has many head which breath air which is not fresh?
John he dreaming that he's falling.  What could happen when he hits the ground in his dream?
The housemate was suffering boredom with what the others were doing, he just decided to do what early?
Where is a traditional place to have your rocking chair?
Where could a jellyfish stay alive?
The romantic vacation had gone perfectly, she had always wanted this moment of sitting at a cafe on the streets of where?
The day was over and the teeth filled, the dentist had to put all his metal what away?
Where can you find a tennis court for non professionals?
The grass at the park was torn up with cleat marks, what likely perspired?
What does an actor in a musical do?
Joe likes horses.  He likes how they move.  Unfortunately he can't keep them because he can't provide for them.  What is one thing that horses need to do to live?
Where would you find a pet jellyfish?
If you do not have an organ, where would you get it?
A person is being judged, what is he entitled to?
John went to see the massive ball of yarn that was supposedly the largest in the world, but he didn't enjoy it.  In hindsight, he found it to be what?
What might happen to a head to cause losing consciousness?
The child was suffering from neglect, luckily the teach took what?
All the children were having fun, the game of tag was a great choice of what?
Where would you not be able to hear a telephone?
John was very annoyed by the infidelity of his sound system.  He had paid a premium for it, so he expected what?
People enjoy many things, using television is the most common way people are what?
Where are people likely to leave a car in a parking lot for an extended time?
The steak house was unfamiliar to western palettes, from where did the cooking style originate?
He ordered his men to go forth and drive the enemy which way?
What common area do most people keep a sofabed in?
He kept a container can for draining oil in what location of the house?
She usually didn't like Adam Sandler, so she found it surprising that she found his latest movie what?
James hated getting in line.  The time spent brought him only what feeling?
If spend time finding information on operating something, what do you hope to acheive?
Where are seats often plush?
When attending school, if I misbehave, what could happen to me after school?
Why do people want to swim in the heat?
If I was a christian in American in the 1700s, what did I do to Britain?
You might grab what to smash a large, frightening bug when you're outdoors?
What benefit can you get from watch tv?
The roadway had a fast speed limit, but there were children nearby, what was safety concerned for?
What will hot cats do?
The man was from north carolina, but he just referred to it simply as what?
What can happen to a dog wiggling during grooming?
The person preferred going to the farmer's market over the grocery store, why?
Where are small city halls usually located?
Where is bacteria likely to be found naturally?
The horse was decorated because it was taking part in something. What was it in?
What does a long session of procreating cause?
Where would you put scissors if you will need to use them in another building soon?
The signs went from English to French, they had traveled far along the national highway where?
After a while playing, what was happening to the children?
WHat do you use to recording something?
The sloth was very muscular, but he couldn't compete in the contest because it had a humans only rule.  What contest was the sloth trying to enter?
What do you put around a garden to keep animals out?
HOw do you watch film before its on video?
If you're relaxing with friends and you agree with one but not the other, what have you done?
When we judge people what do we tend to do to them?
Sammy wanted to preserve the wallpaper, but it was wet and had already begun to do what?
The largest train stations are in what areas?
She was worried about driving car, she was worried what might flare up during a long drive?
Where would you get nails if you do not have any?
To where do apple trees drop their fruit?
A saltshaker is often used with what container for lipids?
John stood in the courtyard and watched the bulls.  Where might he have been?
What is likely to be filled with noxious water?
Where would you put a tote bag while you are getting some food?
Hammers are made of metal and what other item?
He seemed to be putting too much stock in the date, even though it wasn't shaggy he went to what?
As they skipped stones, where were they looking for new ones?
A person, cannot afford their home, they are likely to be experiencing what?
My friend makes a living playing trumpet, where might he work?
What stadium is there where men once fought with spears?
If you've been standing in queue for a long time you may develop some what?
Where would you find an anemone off the eastern U.S.?
They enjoyed the stories their uncle told, he was the eldest and the closest living connection to the what?
Talking to someone is pointless if they're doing what?
South America is in winter when North America is in summer, this is because it is located where?
What is someone with courage in a surprising situation not likely to feel?
What is the opposite of to dignify someone?
What could stop someone from staying healthy?
what does skin cover?
What is a good way for children to learn about dining etiquette?
She was playing violin with the hope of recording it someday, what did she want to do with her talent?
What class activity is unlikely to cause boredom?
The country enjoyed a period of peace, it was brought about by a very what time?
Billy is grooming himself in his bedroom because he wanted to be handsome for the dance.  He can't find his comb. He rushes to the store to do what with a comb?
What would you most likely use a blower to remove snow from?
The cows were lost in the city and hated the noise, what did they long for?
Where did the two friends party and get drunk before going back to their sorority?
If a person saw wings on a helmet, where would they be?
What kind of place is an excavation site?
Where is a basement likely to be small?
What does a birthday do to someone?
Alcohol wasn't allowed at the meeting, so where did the alcoholic put his flask?
When picking an object for a baby something soft is the what option?
The business man had a big meeting that day, but his small child had gotten marker all over his fancy leather what?
I have given up my goal of gaining more land.  Why did I give up?
The general decided to take to the only hill overlooking the field of battle that was entirely what?
Where would you get a radio if you do not have one?
Tweed is a fabric I am looking to make clothing with, where should I go to buy some?
The installers had to move all the rows of benches, they were putting in new carpet where?
When you express  this emotion you can be hurting someone else?
James spent time contemplating what he had learned.  He did this to do what?
What is the reason for having a gardener?
If I work in public transportation and find a door with a lock, where am I likely?
I love to see an idea become a reality.  In order to accomplish that, I must do what?
There is only one soccer field in the area, and people love to play there. Where might the soccer field be?
What is it called when a plant opens up in the sunlight?
There wasn't enough space.  You need to get a bigger what?
When taking a long walk, where would you store your clothing?
What happens to family members after death?
John couldn't reach the place he needed to dust.  What couldn't he reach?
Sally was looking for a saltshaker.  She looked where she ate, and it wasn't there. She looked in storage, and it wasn't there.   She searched every corner, eventually she found it wedged beside a counter.   Where did she find the saltshaker?
When buying something you gain that item but you also what?
What would happen after you finished dying?
She began to play violin at a young age, she had a passion to do what?
When the man needed storage for his personal belongings, what did he look to rent?
What kind of activity is making bread?
What will an athlete do to warm up their legs?
Where is a bee naturally found?
How can you achieve happiness in a group?
where do you throw garbage?
What do most people do when they need to relax?
Gill went forth for some time.   Because hie forgot something, he put the car in what?
A person might wear his yarmulke when going to where?
Suzan is fiddling while Johnny, Jerry, and the rest are having some wild fun with not particular rhyme or pattern.  What might they be doing?
Where is a front yard likely to be small?
News and reality shows are examples of programs that are not works of what?
He was applying for a job, what did he promise to do when he spoke with the manager?
What could happen to you if you are cleaning house for only a short time?
People have many different emotions during the day we also call these this?
What do dead trees often do?
What do children often do before bed?
What might happen to someone not used to jogging?
Where would glasses be needed by many people?
The drought was dangerous for the trees, they were more likely to what?
James imagined what he wanted and his mind did what?
Jimmy and Tim like playing together.  When they play for a long time they have to stop because they do what?
What type of apples do people prefer?
He used his hands to mold the clay, what was hoping to make his clay more like?
Many in the flock often forget the most basic tenants, a big one being that on god can what?
Where would you get a ball if you do not have one?
How do most people communicate?
What does someone who has a greed for energy do?
What can sitting in a room, waiting for an appointment lead to?
This is one of many places where you're unlikely to find a sloth, and it may be illegal to keep one here. What is this?
Where can you get gasoline?
The storm was surprising, where didn't it show up for meteorologists?
The teacher didn't just want the answer and work shown but also for the students to what?
What might a homeowner feel when their house is going to market?
What does a baby do before it can talk?
There were so many guests for Thanksgiving, where did the host put the extra table?
The older gentlemen enjoyed socializing over a chess board, on clear warm days he did this at the local what?
He had to take oath that he would be what?
After buying products, reading the manual enables what?
The narrator explained the behaviors of the gazelle, sitting on the couch he was enjoying the what?
Using your hands to communicate is how you do what?
What group may be one of the few where playing the bugle has a big role?
What did Einstein determine that energy is made of?
Whether it's livestock or produce a farmer does what?
How do people become a couple forever?
What is probably not built out of a wooden rod?
Victoria is the capital of what canadian province?
What could happen when beginning work after it is too late?
I love crab, but I don't get much where I live in rural where?
Where can someone watch a show from a balcony?
The child was curious about something, what did he do?
The couple woke up to good weather finally, the rain had ruined the vacation so far but today they would what?
What do you do on a stove to prepare meat?
Part of child development is when he/she stops imitating and following and begins to do what on their own?
James went across the street for food because his was contaminated. Where might he have gone?
The oven was left open after turning off to do what?
What will the student have to do on the test?
Steve was surprised to find an underground map while he was shopping and carrots and paperback books.  Where might he have found it?
The person went to the ticket booth to buy a trip, they now had to wait for the rails to signal the arrival or their ride at the what?
What has a cash register with a limited items line?
The travelers came across many a toll road during their road drip through New England and other parts of where?
Where should we move this furniture?
What is the main ingredient in any soup?
What was causing my knees to hurt after going jogging?
What could happen if a band is not very good?
The best place for the troublemaker to sneak a smoke while he was in where, was in the bathroom?
Where do you see signs that state a point of view?
I communicate in hopes someone is within earshot, what do I want them to do?
Why might someone not get things they need?
What would something be if it is not bad but not too good?
What do people in the art industry work hard to do?
James took his time walking home.  He found himself doing what at every place along the way?
Billy was at an hold wood and stone cabin.   He found potatoes growing through the floorboards.  Where might the potato plants be?
Several train terminals linked together is an example of what?
Where would a captain be on the sea?
Hurting someone else is not an acceptable way to express what?
WHere do you store dry food?
Things were getting hot and heavy, one of them got a contraceptive from the what of the nightstand?
The human was cold and just needed to step inside quickly, what did he look for?
The old man had a bad back, what did doing housework do to him?
Everyone in John's band plays brass instruments.  What type of band might it be?
In smaller whats are there less needs a bus stop?
Where would you go to buy a harp?
what do scientists want to identify when they discover a new animal?
From where would you expect to pick up a rock?
The tourists spent all day seeing the landmarks, they started at a subway station on upper west side of where?
Lindy is building a new factory. He wants to minimize the taxes he pays, so he's looking to build in what sort of place?
Where might a traveler keep their comb?
Where might a teacher share her books?
Items such as medicine, cars, or grain transported on a train is called what?
What is it called when teens are together not doing anything in particular?
Using television to broadcast the same shows to everyone, you can potentially increase what?
Where is required to have a single fire extinguisher?
Where is there likely a lot of lint?
The place was special to them, you couldn't find it on just any what?
What happens after making friends with someone of the opposite sex?
If you're caught committing murder, an injection can lead to your own what?
She was on a diet, resisting the indulgent chocolates would be what?
What are you supposed to be setting cup on a table?
The big man was all size and no talent, but the coach taught him to defend the key and make it his home on the what?
This animal with sharp teeth does what for dinner?
If a person needs food from a dairy what should they do?
Eating to much will lead to what kind of pain?
Where do kids like to hang out to watch tv and avoid their parents in the house?
A drab olive drawstring bag is where someone in the what would keep their belongings?
The squirrel was rather plump, it had found a home that leaves out what?
What kind of building would you expect to find a skylight?
The pacific northwest is a beautiful region, especially just below the northern border in where?
What is the first thing someone does before planning to stay in bed?
Bo wanted to put on his clean clothes, but that would have required doing what to his dirty ones?
What noise can you make while having lunch that does not indicate you might die soon?
When Bill goes out the door and look up, what does he find outside?
Where would you be landing if you jumped out of a cruise ship?
Where would you store potato chips in their home?
If a person is complimentary and making trivial physical contact what are they trying to do?
Where should you keep your mustard after it's been opened?
People used to write with a quill dipped in ink that was made from what part of a bird?
As one side made advances on the other it seemed it would soon be over, the losers were doomed because not everyone gets to celebrate what?
Where are you likely to find a bald eagle on a floating bridge?
Where always has a large amount of trash that only grows?
The engineer put the new invention on the table in front of his bosses, he turned on his microphone and began his what of the product?
Like the saying about snowflakes, every person is unique and what?
Billy was a bee.  He lived where bees live.  Where did he live?
What are you about to do if you're standing in line for food?
Most dentist offices are found in what groups of homes and businesses?
Bobby had a toothache so he went to the closet dentist office, which was in a strange place.  Where might it be?
The company didn't have any local stores.  How did they sell things?
John thought that it was a mistake to pick A.  He meant to choose B put picked A by accident. He was relieved when he learned that A was what?
What is a social benefit of going to party?
People gather where to watch large four-legged animals run?
Where do you buy tickets to a show?
What is the hope of going fishing?
What is likely to run high when two people are competing against each other?
The spring was warming up, what did this cause life to do?
What is someone not bad at their work likely to be?
Subway stations are generally found in a?
Why might someone go to an office building?
What would you be doing if you are pretending to be a cop or robber?
Despite doctor's orders, she ate breakfast in bed, what did she feel?
Where do you store cold food?
Danny was studying statistics in class, and he something disturbing about driving.   It causes a significant number of what?
Where do you visit a dentist?
What's something bad that is done to people that does not help them?
The flooring was a good bargain, you got a bigger discount the bigger the what?
What can someone do to end relaxing?
Where does something get weighed on a scale in order to determine a price?
Where can one find a wide variety of chocolate?
Where can I go to take classes on playing an upright piano?
If someone is fiddling at a hoedown, how do they likely feel?
His dryer was on the fritz and not drying clothes all they, so he pointed an electric fan at his clothes after he hung up in the what?
Why does a person find a routine odd when things go astray?
I go on a lot of vacations, what does that make me?
If you're driving to catch a flight connection, what is the fasted road to take?
Where would you play frisbee after enjoying some hot dogs?
Gold collected by people with peg legs and parrots was stored where?
He had to fake reading because he was what?
Where does someone go to step on a scale annually?
The home school's team was playing basketball, ever score brought what from the crowd?
what does a person who is a parent want?
George couldn't move without being killed, so he put in effort to do what?
The shower obviously wasn't in the living room of the home, where was it?
What is the opposite of pain?
Where do passengers typically wait?
A person woke up in bed.  Their spouse was sleeping beside them.  They rolled over, did something, and stood.  What did they do before standing?
John had a lot of free time.  He didn't enjoy television much but had no one to interact with, so he'd spend his free time doing what?
Humans tend to have what round things that dart around?
What are you contemplating taking when you need to get something done?
Where do you buy a cheap book?
Breathing was difficult after the injury, but he was still able to what with it?
She found the housing option in the midwest were plain, where should she look for houses for less plain architecture?
If grass is given plenty of water and light, what will it do?
Where can you often find many soldiers?
If you believe something but then you begin getting and understanding new information you may come to a what?
Joe didn't remember to tell Marsha something important before she left home, so he spent an hour desperately doing what?
He likes to keep all his equipment out back in it, so where is his saw?
When someone does not want something, they are said to do what to it?
Lisa was driving down the highway when she saw a billboard telling her that she was near the border.  Where might she be?
Where would you expect to find a doctor on his day off?
Where are you likely to find an injured soldier?
What is a yard usually part of?
What are built up areas near the highway called?
A material that is elastic is able to do what?
When do you get out of a bed?
This ice in my mouth is cold, what should i do with it?
The inspector judged it to be a copy, it was not a what of the original artist?
Sometimes the garbage men are sloppy, the garbage waste seems to miss the truck and end up in the where?
How might someone feel if they were committing perjury?
If a teacher wants to punish a student by not allowing them to go to recess, what are they doing to them?
Where is the best place to get a bicycle for a child?
Where is the great white shark most commonly located?
If you're going to a party held at work you are there to make what?
If a man needs a shave he'd go to the bathroom, then maybe get the disposable razor out of where?
Where do tourists go to see princesses in America?
Curiosity lead James to put extra effort into doing what at the fair?
He read book after book, he always liked to do what things?
Why does this person stop and look both ways at a railroad crossing?
Where are cars likely to move quickly?
They were planning a surprise party, a car pulled up and they started to do what the guest of honor?
What do you give people when they meet people?
Where could you find super computers?
What are birds likely to do in the winter?
What is procreating too much likely to lead to?
Sarah loves giving assistance.  She doesn't ask for anything in returned.  What does Sarah probably care about most?
Sarah didn't like driving cars.   The traffic gave her a lot of what?
If a coup-de-etat happens with hopes of changing society, what is called for?
The woman spent a lot of time drinking alcohol, what did doctors advise her not to do?
Two people were hanging around the quick stop.  They were getting hungry.    What might have they been doing?
After I urinate what should I do before I eat?
The whole area was larger than just the baseball stadium, it was an entire what?
What will happen if you're caught killing people?
While he golfed she got a spa treatment, they were glad they became members where?
Why might someone purposefully be going into trance?
Where is quiet conversation likely to take place?
Which state is the blue ridge mountains roanoke city in?
What covers the largest percentage of the pacific northwest?
To deal with sadness many people will do what on their iPhone?
Billy tried to arise, but he could not stand from bed. He continued to do what?
What is the definition of cogitating?
What does a person miss when a tree hits power lines?
It isn't always a good thing, sometimes cats do what because they're nervous?
Where would a lawyer look to find a rule  they are governed by?
What does a person do when he or she shows excitement?
Having lunch too many times can result in what?
What are beans typically used to make in a drink?
If there is a pond with nobody nearby, where is it likely located?
If I were to stand up and put my leg in front of the other leg repeatedly I would do what?
James was traveling abroad for a few weeks and he had trouble finding his double edged razor. He eventually found it together with some cream and a small comb.  What did he find it in?
What may a person want to buy at a carnival for a sweet treat?
Where would you buy a notepad along side condoms or toothpaste?
Where is a person likely to dance to disco in a Bavarian town?
A doctor can prescribe an antibiotic in many forms, what type might have a gel coating?
Where does a person usually plant a rosebush?
If I wanted to analyze some material, where should I go?
One indicator of a mouse in your house is what?
With four legs dogs can do what?
If you wanted to put a lamp in an area of the room where the walls meet, where would you put it?
Where would you get a saw that you can take home?
Where is a rosebush unlikely to be?
Neuroepithelium is found in a few places, you're using which one to read this text if you're human?
He was a walking stereotype, his glasses were thick and he was what?
What would be the result of going into a deep trance in order to purge the subconscious?
Where do people go near their own home to sit on the couch?
Where would you put a clip if you want to be able to reach it easily while you are working?
What do most people hope to achieve when playing sports?
Why would you sit down in front of a tv?
Where can you buy sunglasses at?
Going into a trance is often associated with what sort of unconscious involuntary movement at night?
Sarah didn't think that they deserved division.  She spend a lot of effort doing what to them?
What type of group is a bugle used in?
Joe likes to pretend, and he knows that to pretend you need something special.  What is necessary to pretend?
If you needed a lamp to do your work, where would you put it?
Violence is inescapable.  In both the conflict between nations and the conflict between men.   Donny enjoyed the violence.  He likes going up against other people.  That's why he played what?
Where can you find a pool other than at a nearby residence?
Billy and June were in the process of procreating.  It was very fun, but they knew that it would lead to what uncomfortable end?
A couple who wants to have a child normally do what?
What is often true about secular holidays?
Jim was beginning work on his essay the day before it was due, what did Jim suffer from?
What would be a dream vacation for some children?
Joe and Mac were students students concerned about their future.  They wanted to be important and do what to something?
The aorta is the main artery in what area of the body?
Sam turned on the projector and showed his powerpoint presentation to his partners.  Where might he be?
For many kids playing baseball is an American pastime, it brings them great what to play?
If your hair gel stinks it is too what?
What do you use to washing clothes?
During his guilty sentencing for the killing the suspect was stoned faced, he expressed remorse for the what he had caused the victim's families?
A creek can be located in a tree are called what?
A person wants to lose mass,what steps do the take?
What is the world known to be a part of?
James took his duffle bag with him when he walked to a place in order to go to another place.  Where did he walk to?
Where does a drop of blood come out of?
The moon was seen surrounded by stars, when was it seen by people?
The merchant wanted a place to sell his wares, what did he build?
Where can a human go on Sunday?
Where is the closest place outside of one's own home that a grill can be found?
There are many different creatures that are easy to see for people even in a city here.
Sam was having a meeting with a friend.  When they saw each other they exchanged greetings and did what?
Billy wanted to impress his family.  What might he do to impress people?
John never felt himself losing consciousness.   The next thing he knew a year had passed.  He had been what?
Discovering truth would come during what part of serious research?
What does someone want to do when they have greed?
The person was prevented from leaving work, what blocked him in the street?
What common plant doesn't need water?
Sarah loved birds, but when they flew overhead she was covered with what?
What is going to happen if you kill people?
Where are you likely to find many a bench?
The cocky lead character beat the odds again, he then made a quip about ever rule having its what?
Where is the tearoom likely to have originated?
What would cause a person to have  headaches?
Where do people go to borrow sugar?
Where could someone give you a plate with a grape on it?
The stream had not had a flow in months, the drought had left the water levels what?
If you are enjoying sunshine on the beach, what do you likely have views of?
In a conversation what is the first thing you must do in order to listen?
When you are drinking liquid, what are you doing?
There was a toll road outsied of Hoboke, where was it located?
Where does a furnace usually heat?
The stud bull was brought in to breed with the prize winning what?
Where would a cat be digging for a mouse?
Even in the city he liked to get outside when he could, he really liked to sit by the pond and then walk around the what?
A hard piece of rubber deflected off a stick and flew up and struck a fan, this could only happen at a what?
The electricity went out in the house, what did the man suspect was the cause?
Some people go their whole life doing what for love?
What do Democrats to make all learning in schools?
While in Southern California they donned their mouse ears for the day, they bought some balloons from a vendor while they were where?
Sarah didn't want to wait until she was an adult, but she had to in order to do what?
John tried to test himself but he was never good at it.   He felt that it would be best if he just continued to complete his what?
Where can you find the most authentic Japanese restaurant?
John didn't like committing perjury.  It made him feel what emotion?
The story had hit its climax, it was what?
Officers will carry a pistol to shoot deserters from what?
Where is a good place to store a saw?
Where do monkeys hang out?
What happens to cats if they are near water?
There is plenty of noise when you're at what celebration featuring food and games?
What would you do if you have curiosity about a new show?
Where is not likely to have a very formal dining area?
For the soldier he needed actual hatred, but for his squad member all it took was orders to what?
Running in bad shoes can easily cause something painful. What can it cause?
Billy was a human, and he had human bodily functions.  He needed to catch his flight but ended up missing it, because he had too much mexican and was stuck where?
What could happen after becoming inebriated and then being sent to prison?
Sam refered to Sean as a servant.  Joan was less polite, and used a different term. What term did she use?
The cat was annoying because it would not leave James alone.  Whenever he locked himself down for work it would find its way into where?
The drum is a key part of which kind of musical organization?
James wanted a plastic saucer to put some cat food on  He certainly wasn't going to use a good saucer.  Where might he look for one?
What can other person do to cheer a group up who are feeling down?
If you're human, or even if you aren't, you'll want to stay out of this. What is this?
Jumping up and down over a rope is a form of what?
He admired the apple tree, he was relaxing in the smallest of the fifty where?
Oil can fix the squeak on the hinges on what that you open or close when you drive to the store?
The calm seas weren't going to stay that way long, their sails filled as it got what?
Where do you typically use a tourniquet?
The person wanted to fix his car, what did he order?
Where is the closest dining room?
Where does the cuisine from a mexican restaurant originate?
The kitten was starting to extend its sharp claws more, it had to be taught when to do what with them as to not hurt others?
The bad man tossed his bubblegum out of his window and onto the what?
Where am I if I am not eating crab, but rather lobster in the Northern United States?
Where would you find a gun along with people in uniform training for war?
Why would someone be committing suicide?
What can drinking alcohol in excess to the point of poisoning cause?
What helps a human to move?
What could prevent you from doing housework that involves dust?
A person needs to breathe to survive, but they also need what two things to thrive?
If you're on the terrace enjoying warm Mediterranean breezes in what part of the continent are you?
Where would you get a stepladder if you do not have one?
What do humans have that cerberus does not have?
If person goes to a bar, spends a few hours hitting the bottle, then takes himself home, what might he get?
Sally wanted to buy a house close to a city, but not too far away.  Where did Sally look for a home?
Tired of his sickness, what did the man seek as he visited various doctors?
Where do you hide a dead body?
If you're going on vacation and you leave your tickets at home what might you experience when you get to the airport?
Where is  a state highway likely to be crowded?
Where would children be preparing for future playing?
The knowledge was expensive to get, where was it being gained?
What kind of entertainment may feature a talking weasel on an adventure?
A person misses his aunt, what is he likely to do about it?
Where are all planets located?
Where do families begin?
If a person  answers the phone from a local area code, where might the call be coming from?
What is it called when life has an end date?
The gun was uncomfortable tucked in her pants, where did she put it?
The professor spoke in a laconic tone, what kind of language was he avoiding?
How would a human verbally great another?
During the roadtrip they finally stopped seeing signs for falling rock, there surroundings were getting less step as the entered the open what?
What is used in a bathroom when towels aren't available to get water off your hads?
He didn't like washing clothes because he thought the machine would do what to his good jeans?
What will happen when a person is eating hamburger in a sufficient amount?
Where can leaves slide from and end up in a gutter?
In a volatile social climate people will tend to what?
Though a bald eagle is synonymous with the USA, they can be found in what two word province too?
What might fear do to people?
The sickness was beginning to fade after resting, he was what?
Curiosity was high since it was a good tour guide, she explained things first then took the group to what?
What might a doctor have to do in an emergency?
The iphone can do many things.  If you threw away your iPod, you probably use your iPhone to do what?
Some people just want to get away from it all, but that can be a problem if many people are also visiting the what?
How do you get good at playing guitar?
The dog had the sheep getting in line, it was amazing a dog could have what skills?
Mary was singing because she wasn't happen and she wanted to do what?
What is a great thing to do with used glass?
The marathon included dancing for as long as possible for a prize, what did people feel as a result?
Someone who's belief in a philosophy is not slight but extreme is what?
When Bob plugs has electricity next to his nightstand, where is he?
John thought the distance between himself ahd Sally was insurmountable.  But when he opened up to her, he found that they shared something What did they share?
Where are all employees likely to carry a weapon?
What do I cook on the stove when I want to make tacos?
The bald eagle flew over the potato fields over what region of the place known for them?
Where is a cord likely to be on a tent?
If you see materials surrounded by workers you may be in what zone?
Where is one likely to find many lawns?
James saw a Koala while driving to work. Where might James live?
What would someone say about a tube television?
Where is the gift shop that you would buy a mickey mouse at?
Where would you be unable to read a newspaper?
Where is texas located?
John didn't like going to the square, but he did anyway.   Where might the square be?
How will a teacher begin projects for students required to work together?
I as a person don't kill others, why do I not?
Grandma always had baked cookies, all you had to do was look in the what?
What is likely to crash in an intersection?
Where can someone store furniture?
When one thinks enough about it, what do they realize everything is made of?
What kind of pain can be caused my watching television too much?
He knew the kickoff wouldn't happen right away, so he waited a quarter past the what before he turned on the football game?
Why would a person stay at their job without being paid?
All people need to move, otherwise what will atrophy?
She used her connections to get an interview, where did she want to work?
Where would a person find information in the old days?
Joe and Jane have begun reaching a tentative agreement about the merger of their two companies.  Their negotiations have become less than professional,  and have begun doing something that is very unprofessional and compromises their objectivity.  What might they be doing?
Where is dirty clothing likely to be put?
Artificial intelligence is changing society.  Shifting needs and capabilities have led to what?
George is a person who kept things bottled up  Even though he was married, he never did what?
If a person does many sit-ups what can they gain?
How will skin feel after contact with poison ivy?
What area with trees experiences heavy rain?
Death Valley is in the North American what?
What is ignorance often equated with?
Where do you get a cheap room at a reception desk?
Where can you buy a fashionable satchel?
The weasel was sifting through garbage, where did it look for it?
Why would I be killed?
The graphic designer worked in tile, these digital tiles made up the maps of a what?
Bill crossed a boundary in his daily life and transgressed against an important rule of what?
Where would you find teeth whitening bleachers?
Louisiana is one of fifty, together they make up the what?
What does a parent tell their child to do after they've played with a lot of toys?
What do you call the feet on a dog?
Where could you find a toilet that anyone can use?
An arch is a very strong way to have a doorway in a what?
If you need threaded rod you can buy it where?
What is the base of a vase called?
The shark realized it was in northern california, where was it likely?
I framed the picture so I could look at it while I ate dinner, so where did I put it?
Rocks can be found on many planets and moons, but we know of the widest variety of them on the what?
Joe bought a bunch of grapes because he likes to use them to top his what?
Where in your home would you store your chess set and other such entertainment items?
The token was taken out of the folder due to being fraudulent, what was it taken from?
Where is an alley cat likely to live?
Fighting inflation is always a topic in economics, but the soon to be homeowner had to worry about the what?
James didn't have any teabags at home, nor did he have any cold tea.  He wanted tea, though, he rushed out and went where?
Where in the U.S. might foreigners expect to see a bald eagle, but probably won't?
The poet needed to write about his distant past, where did he have to go to do so?
What do people do at a night club on the floor?
Where is one likely to keep a stylus?
Where would a towel be kept in a gym?
Even though it's a weekday Bob stays up late watching television instead of going to bed. Why does it do this?
Where does a ticket booth stand at the front of?
Where do people often keep a bag from the grocery store?
Where would you put an eraser if you are at home and need to go to class?
A flashing LED might indicate a serious problem with your computer if it is on your what?
A shark is stuck in a lake, where does it need to go provided it isn't a bull shark?
What can instituting civil action be preceded by?
The men talked at length and found they were agreeing with a lot of things, how would they describe their feeling toward one another?
Where do you get a table?
Where would you put an eyeglasses case if you are a man?
What might intense competing cause someone to feel?
Every Monday morning he would meet friend, they would have coffee and a good what?
Where could there be people making noise if no one is supervising the people?
Where is a good place to get food for most people?
The predator was committing murder, what was his intention to his victim?
Where would you put your garden?
What should a savvy consumer do when being presented with proof for the effectiveness of a product that seem too good to be true?
The portly man was having lunch, he ate so fast he didn't chew small enough pieces and sure enough began to what?
Susan listened to the radio most of the day.  She didn't care for talk shows, so she mostly listened to the stations that did what?
I was entertained while watching film, what is my reaction to it?
There was a sign telling picnickers not to feed squirrels, where was this sign likely placed?
An astronout in space needed to know what side of the planet the English Channel was on, where did he aim his spacecraft?
If someone doesn't enjoy playing baseball what might they call it?
John and James loved making friends.  It gave them what?
John didn't like celebrating with his friends.  He was awkward because he had a problem. What sort of problem did he have?
He had been stuck in meetings all day, he had to get up and move as he could no longer what?
Where does a fox go most of the time?
He needed to get ice to have a refreshing drink, the what was stuck on only hot mode?
Where do people view more than one rosebush?
Where would you store glue when it's not in use?
The woman was worried about environmental impact, what did she fret over while attempting to wash clothes?
What might talking to others about false stories lead to?
What is the yellow color of the sun an example of?
The spirit ascended to the after life, so what was it leaving?
While fun for balloons and parties, a helium tank can also be found in what place of research?
What might help someone locate the United States?
In what area will excavation for new roads will cause traffic jams?
James is addicted to potatosol.  Potatosol is legal, but he's concerned that it might not be for long.  What might happen to potatosol i the near future?
If I am a spectator at a baseball stadium, what am I likely watching?
There's always more than one shopping bag full of food after a trip where?
She explained that you won't always get what you want with a goal, but you should still do what with it?
What will you do after you are awake?
A person broke up with me, what do I have now?
Why is it necessary for someone to be going to bed?
Where would you find a parking area near if you're hoping to ride a rollercoaster?
What would you do to get dirt off of yourself?
We all come from different walk of life, but all people are what?
What is one horrible thing exercise can contribute to preventing?
What does an emotional person tend to be?
The wind was warm, what effect did it have on the person facing it?
The crab was being netted of the coast of Louisiana, where was he caught?
If you sit back and think about nice memories you will be able to?
What do facts enable a person to do ?
This will take a long time without an electric motor, where can I find one?
Where could you find ticket office that are all of the same type?
What should people do right after getting paid?
Where might we find a place to stay that only has one floor?
The farmer could raise a good chicken, but he wasn't ready to move up to a what?
It wasn't something he had had before, but he found the chicken and grape vinaigrette what to be delicious?
Where would you find a green bill?
A friend is greeting me, what would they say?
Where are animals avoided by people?
Where is a reception desk typically located?
Where should a human go if they have a full feeling in their bladder?
The Mississippi is a very large river, it is the largest in the North American what?
If I am not good at playing poker, I will begin what if I play?
What do taking illegal drugs do long term?
Mom said that Sarah should stay in bed until she was able to go to school again..  What did mom say to Sarah when she tried to get up?
Where is a special wild rosebush found?
Where might a runway be trying to escape?
Where are mine's typically located under?
What could have a knob but not a display?
Where would you find several businesses in the same location?
The writer began to contemplate the purpose of his story that he had lost along the way, soon he began to finally what?
The trombone is a very animated instrument, it fits in really well on the field as a member of the what?
John listened to music when he needed to focus.  It helped him achieve what?
Where in a meadow would a snake hide?
While driving to work she felt the what of the important decisions to be made today?
He went to relax and be in nature more than anything, he didn't go fishing just to what?
Where could you find a quite old clavichord?
What does an airplane do before takeoff?
Though it was unhealthy they decided to buy food from the stand, they were travelling and suffering from what?
What would a rock form in nature above the treeline?
What does a farmer wanting to make a maze do?
If a chicken crossed a busy road you'd say it was stupid or what?
What sport do fans often watch people loose teeth?
What's a good thing for people to do with other people?
Even though many in his neighborhood dropped out, he still had the ambition to what?
Where does dust usually end up in the corner?
Where do you need to use a fan?
Where do you buy ketchup?
Where is the mailbox that the residents use?
The dynamite expert was checking all the fuses, if everything went right it would be a profitable day at the what?
What would someone do after attacking me?
What color is milk?
Where do sheep graze?
Where can a person find the Ann Arbor Expressway?
What do teachers encourage a child to do?
The jelly needed to be preserved, where should we put it?
what does a human have on their upperbody?
The ficus grew vigorously, this is because it got plenty of humidity and weather where?
What is required to be good at driving cars?
If I am working in a ticket booth and a livestock competition is happening nearby, where am I likely to be?
The roadway  led away from town and towards what?
Where can you likely buy many poems?
He planted an apple tree outside of Concord, what is the state it was planted in?
Parents have to sign a waiver to let their kids wrestle, the sport involves constant what?
He was running late for class and forgot his book, but he didn't realize that until he was already in the what?
He told the wild child that it would eventually run out of steam, and he promised to the child what?
The baby was thirsty, so it's mother allowed it to do what?
Where can a lady store a writing instrument while away from home?
What kind of structure contains your favorite eatery?
Where can one use opera glasses?
Where can you find a bar before traveling a long distance?
Sarah was on the 30th floor when the fire started.  That made it difficult for her to escape what?
The electric fan had gotten too loud and was bothering others, though they allowed many personal things on desks he was required to turn it off where?
Where is a razor likely to be found on vacation?
Where might someone find a very nice flat?
Sarah didn't even know that she was fertile. He doctor told her that procreating was impossible for her.  So she was extremely surprised when she learned that she was having what?
The steakhouse was conveniently located near the largest cattle ranch in America, where was it?
A father was trying to teach his daughter to throw a football, she didn't want to and figured her dad wanted a what?
He went to visit his brother going to a Bulldog school in the south, the humidity was intense but seemed plain and ordinary by now to his brother where?
Where are you if there are large speakers playing music?
On what surface does a bean bag chair sit?
They needed a machine to help with their studies, it was used often in the where?
The teacher encouraged note taking because everything was important, but it turned out the information that day was what for the upcoming quiz?
James was a collector of literature.  Where might he have gone to get some?
Where would a policeman be most likely to stop a car?
Where is conversation likely to get loud?
If you slap a horse's butt while you're on it, it will gallop, If you do so when you're off of it, what will the horse do?
James was an American horse. He thought his home was too hot.  Where might he have lived?
What will someone do in court for someone they love?
The faucet on the wall sprayed water high into the air.  It caught the light from the window and made a rainbow.  It was very annoying and gross to people who came into this what?
A mail service will often drop packages off, but also do what with them?
John knows what environment he can find marmosets in but doesn't know how to find that environment.    What areas of the Americas has the environment he's looking for?
Where can a computer user learn geography, math, or history?
What town is known for disco?
Why would a tense person be found listening to music that is soft?
Where might a person visit if they need a new trumpet?
If I am using deodorant, where should i put it?
Who is likely to check you into a beauty salon?
There is usually a drawer in what item that is used during your occupation?
Where would an apple tree be unlikely to grow due to the presence of uneven land?
The person was nervously fumbling through the magazines while waiting to be called next, he could hear the whir of machines and instruments in the next room where?
Where are plants happiest in the spring?
Where would someone keep an unused hat?
What do lawyers tend to do when they are not treated well at a restaurant?
The cat pawed demurely at the couch and walked in front of the TV, where was the cat?
WHat does a real estate agent do when there is something wrong with the house they are showing?
Where are tires are found on all of the vehicles found where you can travel long distances?
What could temporarily prevent you from attending school?
He is at a field hospital, where is he likely to be?
What does one use to exercise?
What do people take when they see a pretty sky?
Where is bacteria easy to wash off?
What is the consequence of a long day of doing housework?
Where is a large city hall usually located?
She was found guilty of neglect, the judge taking away the child was a serious what?
Where do you typically buy leather jackets?
The man passed out from drinking alcohol, what did his brain suffer from?
The two parties could neither confirm nor compromise on anything, they were in a what?
What would you do to numbers that are positive integers to get a smaller result?
If you break someone's nose while wrestling what will come out of it?
Bill did not revere the holy man but he also didn't disdain him.  Bill had what for the man?
She put cozy chairs in all the nooks and crannies, she wanted people to spend time reading and browsing her what?
If a student is staring at the ceiling while bored, where are they likely to be?
Where are prepared mushrooms purchased?
Where might a bear take trash?
When John turned on the light he saw a severed gazelle head.  Where was John?
If somebody had a great love of music, they probably do what in the car?
While chatting with friends for hours, what did the formerly lonely man feel?
Where might a fluffy chair be found?
When starting a fire near oxygen what can happen?
After killing the animal, what was the animal doing?
Where is trash emptied from often?
Billy thought that he was smart, but many of his attitudes didn't were very regressive. How might you describe him?
Where do people store cars when running errands?
If I had more than one steel pen (e.g. 100,000), where would I store it?
The teacher was explaining the mammoth and the time it lived, he used terms foreign to the students to explain this such as what?
If I wanted to find out the hours that Marmot was open, I might look where?
The back courtyard was common feature of every house in the neighborhood, where could they be found?
Where do cows beef rank first in the country?
John is bringing suit against Seth.   This problem has straight there relationship.  What might be increasing between them?
Getting a gift you wanted for you birthday will cause what state?
Dan loved playing chess but he just couldn't anymore.  He had been debilitated by what?
James picked glass walls because they let more light into the room. Why did they let light in?
It could have been a beautiful day, but what did the overcast sky do to the color?
Sam treasured his freedom.  When he became a POW, he tried to escape from what?
What do fish have to aid in oxygen exchange?
After procreating what can't some people handle that makes them turn to the government?
John rented a hotel room while on a business trip.  It was a a company sponsored event.  Where might it have been?
Where would you find an entrance hall that is used by a single family?
The guests were soon to arrive, she carefully arranged the cookies and set them out on a what?
Sean made a mistake on the test, but it wasn't an accident.  Why did he do it?
What is required when someone is typing?
Where are human nerves found?
If a human is contemplating something, what are they in a state of?
What do people do in the place that jellyfish live?
Where is toothpaste likely to be?
Though the first cup of hot brew was costly you got a free refill, customers really liked the little what?
Where do people who use a puck for living go at the end of their work day?
Danny sealed the box and wrote the address on it. Then he took it where?
Jim never stopped talking, at what rate did he talk?
Where do young people read about weasels?
John put  salt on his salad.  Mary suggested that he should spritz what on it, instead?
What do lizards climb up?
Where would people go after they pick some food to buy in a store?
The mom knew she would need to do another wash as she watched her children playing in the rain and what?
Where would you get  a map that shows locations that can only be walked to?
Where would you play a trumpet and have to walk the entire time?
After getting drunk people couldn't understand him, it was because of his what?
How can jumping rope effect above your shoulders?
What do people feel when they see large guard dogs?
Dreaming scary things is likely to lead to waking up with a sense of this?
What is a negative effect of creating art?
The game had all sorts of spaces, like chance and what?
When someone doesn't have beauty they have?
What would use a classical stringed instrument?
If I want to listen to the movie what do I need to do?
How did the mother feel about going somewhere and getting a whole new house to decorate?
Where in town could you find most banks?
If you yell when a person starts to go in another direction, what are they likely to do?
The mixer felt like he was a NASA engineer in the control room every time he worked with a band at his what?
What could happen if someone isn't playing basketball carefully?
What building in Washington D.C. has the most books?
Doing housework is hard, what can that lead to?
What do most birds have the ability to do?
If a lawyer had to explain committing perjury, they might explain it as simply telling what?
An atheist was asked what happens after dying, what was his response?
What happens after an extended amount of living for a person?
The child dreaded fall and having to what?
A cow farm has quite the smell, that's why they tend to be located in a remote what?
what does someone start playing guitar to do?
What is a hand?
If there is something you have to accomplish in a short amount of time, how could you be successful?
What is the first thing two people do when they feel an attraction to each other?
She was the youngest and always got stuck in the middle seat, she never got the what of a bench seat?
Where can you buy crab, shrimp, and fish dinner across the U.S.?
What is the likely end of bringing suit?
Where are you unlikely to see clouds?
The freeway had signs in miles instead of kilometers, where was it located?
Friday wasn't in the mood to be answering questions.  After a ten hour interrogation he was what?
Joe lost his left cymbal. He needs it before practice.  Where would he go to get a new one?
James didn't like bringing his suit to court.   He didn't wear it when he heard what?
Where do you get a needle for a routine checkup?
The bald eagle made a nest in a tree surrounded by others, it made it's home in a vast what?
What part of the apple is typically left behind after eating?
I just met someone, why would they say hello?
Where can you buy eggs along side many other types of food?
The person was quite sure how to express his thought with proper language, he didn't know how to what?
What is the opposite of an odd number?
the dog brought a stick back to the house, the man could tell it came from a small area nearby, where was it likely from?
Where is one likely to find an old newspaper?
Where can travellers pull off the road to stretch their legs?
Where does a person who is a weasel tend to be employed?
What is generally a person's main goal when they spend time learning about a subject?
What is usually next to a door?
What might a fish avoid for safety?
Joe wanted to own a neighborhood barbershop but he had trouble with city zoning laws.  What might the city have required of his shop that was a problem?
He left camp following the river down below, his partnered remained where?
What would someone be doing if he or she is killing?
Where could you go to spend money?
The executives talked strategy walking through the lobby, what were they likely discussing?
Where is the last place food is before being eaten?
You would expect to find the reception desk in what part of a business?
He was very critical of the execution of his team while doing what with the opponents?
Where does a lounge lizard likes to hang out?
We all need to have food to live but what is the cheapest way to get it?
If you do not believe in something because you question it you have what?
Bill has a desire to learn, but doesn't personally know any teacher, where should he go?
Where is a mobile heat source?
Where would you go if you wanted to buy an apple and some ice cream?
If they weren't sightseeing, why were they diving through the cave?
Sarah went to a genuine Western streak house.  Where might she have been?
Where would one find a snake in a swamp?
James sat down and looked at the menu, then he placed an order.  Where might he be?
Some horses are white others are black, but many are this color which might lead some people to think their milk would taste like chocolate?
If my heifer has a certain attitude, what state might she be from?
The area between oceans and continents is very?
The therapist said they needed to work on what, and that just talking to one another is the first step?
Where does food get digested?
Where are you likely to find the freshest tomatoes?
After standing in line all day what is likely to happen?
james wanted to fight inflation because he didn't like losing value when he did what?
The fox saw itself on a piece of paper wearing silly clothes, what was the fox looking at?
He felt pride when he looked at his new mile time, what did he do?
Nate washed  his personal silverware and put it in a  drawer.   Where might that drawer be?
what does having sex without protection lead to?
The bookshop specializes in course texts, where is it located?
Where would you likely find a laser in a university?
Having to fight inflation brings a lot of this sentiment to the public?
What can you do if you're fiddling on violin?
An evening of remembering often leads to what?
If you are getting drunk you will need to drink what?
James installed his new curtains to keep the light from shinning on his television.  Where is James probably hanging his curtains?
The weather was nice, but Sean didn't count on that. He knew it could do what?
If you do not have a bean, where would you go to get one?
What type of exertion do you utilize when hiking?
They decided to employ prisoners to dig lines to help fight the what?
The company wanted to hire someone with special needs, their job was to collect the cardboard in the what?
A student takes an unpaid membership, why on Earth would he do that?
If you like learning about science, you are all?
What might I use if I want to give a grape as a gift?
Where would you find an expensive lantern?
The man and the woman likened their experience to police brutality.  But, really, they were just unable to do what regarding reality and lies?
What would a sick person do to recover?
John was was looking for a shirt, so he pulled open this.  What did John pull open?
The automaton wanted to save money like normal humans, what did it need to learn about?
James's first priority was finding information.  He wanted to know for his own what?
Where can a mouse be found in a box?
What could you use to play music?
Sometimes it seems like government wants to control anything and what?
What is typical of a person with blemish free, flowing skin?
Needlepoint requires many accessories, what holds the work taut?
What does a policeman patrol?
They were having friends stay at their home, they apologized for only having a sofa bed in the what?
Sarah couldn't make the afternoon meeting and had to reschedule. She promised to .skip dinner and go to sleep earlier that night so that she could make it.  When might the meeting have been rescheduled to?
How can the shape of wood be changed?
From where would you take a magazine home after paying?
It was a ridiculous answer to a simple question.   The professor expected something loss convoluted and more what?
What might learning about science cause in someone?
Cats are looking longingly at an aquarium, what are they looking to do?
Where would someone visit a monument to a deceased loved one?
Where would you find people sleeping in a chair waiting for a vehicle to arrive?
What can be the end result of waging war?
What is the one thing you cannot do if you're on the move?
While some people prefer to lie, others do prefer to bluntly what?
Where would I go to see the most brands of oboe?
Where could you find a blowfish in a zoo?
Where would you put a sealed drink if you want to bring it with you?
What have you done if something you do makes life harder for someone?
Despite reports of bad weather, the wedding day was gorgeous, what did the weather do?
What place in the US has a lot of mines?
Children can become obsessed.  Charlie focused on reproducing what made him feel good.  He wanted to squeeze all the what out of every experience.
Billy shoplifted a cheap watch.  Where might he have grabbed it from?
Where can I ride my bicycle in order to take graduate classes?
Where do you get a contraceptive device?
The idiots in the front row would not stop banging on the glass, there's always at least one of them at a what?
He promised he would fight enemy over the transgression, even if it was to the what?
Where can customers shop outside?
What would you experience after awaking from a nightmare?
Where can you find  a pretty flower in the ground?
They are chatting with friends about old memories, it won't be long before somebody what?
The comforter was a favorite for cuddling in front of the TV, where did the family put it?
What do you have to do in a boat to bring home fish?
What would use an account book?
The poet was being discussed amoung teenagers using Socratic dialogue, where was this happening?
Government, planned cities, workers, institutions, technology and record keeping are characteristics of what among human populations?
What does Discovery have a number of, starring a shark?
Where can one find a singing human?
What did I do that has made me on the ground?
What is likely to happen to a person in Washington State found guilty of stabbing someone to death?
John loved to pretend.  He would waste many hours doing what?
The tourist was probably most happy to capture pictures of snow on what?
What often happens to the remembering of people who are stressed?
The bald eagle avoided big cities, what kinds of place did he prefer to be?
Lilly loved peace and quiet, but she couldn't find any where she lived.  She took drastic measures and went somewhere for solitude. Where did she go?
It wasn't for a lack of effort they didn't finish the job, they just didn't have what supplies?
James crushed his paper coffee cup and then left it in its proper place.  Where might he have left it?
They teased him relentlessly for being a girl, this all started when he was caught in the locker room bathroom sitting down to do what?
Minerals can be found on what third rock from the sun?
Where are people likely to sing?
He was scared of skiing after the accident, what did he want to avoid in general?
What is waging war often considered to be?
The science major was planning on digging in the earth one day, his favorite class was what?
The human wanted to give a bone as a reward, where did he put it?
Lilly wanted to go about procreating but what no desire to have sex with a man.  So she went to a clinic and bought something.  What did she buy?
What is the opposite of little?
Jane read all of the related literature before she went into the room to speak with the others. Where did she keep her literature?
Everyone wants all sorts of different things in life, but the one common thing they all bring is a little bit of what?
While the statistician thought the anomaly was important, what did the contrarian demographer think?
If a person wants to sort a pile of stuff, they must start by what?
I have some food that I want to eat right now, where would I put it?
When people have money wand want things, what do they tend to do?
The hamburgers were flame-broiled so where were they served?
How would you start living life with someone else?
I decided that I was going public with my amazing new medication. It has the power to relieve symptoms. So it can take away all of your what?
There are laws concerning safety, therefore a fire extinguisher must be kept in every what?
The doctor told the man to eat vegetables, he promised it would help him what?
Name an adjective that can mean the opposite of normal.
The knob of the kitchen drawer wouldn't stay tightened, so he went to buy a new screw where?
The living do many things that the dead do not, but one is most important.  What do the living do that the dead do not?
James wasn't much of a leader, because he had nothing to lead.  And a leader without something to lead, no matter how skilled, is useless.  What did James need?
A virus causes the flu and the common what?
Some monkeys originated in this place that has borders and many people.
Where would you hit a ball with a stick into other balls?
What do you fit a piece with another piece?
Studying too intensely can cause what problem?
Who does the teacher speak with most during the week?
Where would you put a writing instrument if you are a woman and want to bring it with you?
Bill noticed that his hands could do many things.  He was thirsty, so he used his hands to do what?
The pioneer went to the general store for food preservation supplies, what was he looking for?
What has happened if you agree with someone?
The person was there to study the apes, she would have to live out the in what for months?
James is a customer at a restaurant.  The restaurant is very busy and James is frustrated.  What might he be doing?
He was serious and pragmatic, so why did he drive his car?
He took a toll road and ended up in a state he couldn't spell, it was probably which one?
What is the goal for a student to improve in?
If you see a horrible sight at an area of elevation what may you feel?
Where is the best place to make food?
Where can someone store extra sheets of paper?
She had trouble remembering her happy wedding day, but when she did, what did she experience?
What did Van Gogh feel when he found his long lost painting?
The person saw the tomatoes were dying, what did he do next?
He chuckled as he knocked on the door, here he was actually needing to borrow a cup of sugar from where?
Where can a human find body coverings?
What would one like to do with friends when there is no agenda?
Even if two people don't experience attraction when they meet, over time they can grow to do what?
What is usually a beautiful sound?
What can you see when you use television but is not needed to use television?
If the though of performing makes you anxious what do you suffer from?
Who collects many a drop of blood?
Where would you find a dictionary near young people getting lessons?
Susan was a mean person. But even so, she could show what?
Where could you find a bed that has been used by many people?
James lost hs return ticket during his vacation.  He was very frustrated and couldn't get a replacement.  Because of this, he missed what?
If something's weight isn't light, what is it?
Where can you buy an electric fan?
Where can you get a night table to take home?
You can put what next to a side chair to make a nice place to read and drink coffee?
Where would you use a changing room before gym?
Marcy couldn't cry.  She didn't want her parents to know that she was sad.  She hid her sobs by doing what?
Joe was in California for vacation and saw a marmot  What specific place might he be?
If I lived in a small village outside a city, which general geographic area would this be?
Where do you go to see a religious statue?
Where would you find many tables of silverware rolled into nice displayed napkins?
Where did you try many escalators?
My cat really dislikes many things, what does he dislike the most?
A post office is always located in what kind of structure?
Where do you bring your flight bag?
Ones and zeroes are how computers do everything, you could say they simply what?
While attending a lecture what should be done in the auditorium?
He was running from the assailant, what is his purpose for running?
The person was frustrated when she couldn't find what she was looking for online, what did she desire?
The high teenager was having trouble grasping that the world was always in motion even if he laid there what?
Despite his disdain for the man's action the bravery he showed was what worthy?
Where are all ferret found before they are captured?
Sitting down was a wobbly affair, it seem all four what were uneven?
What is necessary for bathing?
Where are trees likely to be protected?
He had to try to make the call in the middle of the night, it was hard to communicate using only a what?
If a person strives for happier circumstances in what is it called?
What mood sets in when someone is going to work with a boss they dislike?
who uses a contraceptive device?
Bobby was looking to be farmland because he wanted to get away from the city. He didn't care where, just so long as it was in what?
The liquid needed a place to be stored and not consumed easily, where did it need to go?
Why would someone bring suit against a total stranger?
Sam loves to create art.   Looking at other peoples work does what to him?
Where can you let a puppy sleep after it's been housebroken?
There is often a final exam at the end of each quarter of what?
What is someone beginning work they really want to do likely to feel?
What does a driving car cause?
The man looked longingly at the seats after hours on the road, where was he?
When a person gets dressed, where can they often check a mirror to see how their outfiit looks?
The gardener was famous for his rosebush, the roses were used all over America and up north where?
The person was looking for the bus arrival time, what did he do with the station schedule?
What will criminals do before robbing a bank?
What destination is a sailor typically most excited for?
What could you do while you are listening to music?
The turkey needed to be cooked, what can be used for this situation?
This country spans the entire breadth of the landmass.  What is it called?
When talking to someone and gaining their trust they will do what they want because of you have done what?
The rapper had great respect for the track, this was despite it being a what directed at him?
If someone is a mechanic, what are likely issues they will be asked to fix?
Two friend decided to spend their lives together in matrimony, so what did they arrange?
What do children feel when going to the opera?
Too much jogging for elderly people can lead to what?
John doesn't like seeing new movies. He thinks that they're bad, and excessive.   What emotion might he experience where he sees one.
Where would you not be likely to find ice?
Where would you put sunglasses if you do not have anything to put them in that can be carried with you?
Animals can be very primal, sometimes to prove themselves they what?
Where would you find a trash can nearby liquid in a workplace?
Creating art fulfilled me, what else did it give me therefor?
Where do you watch rubbish?
Someone who is selfish wouldn't share a sandwich with their hungry friend, someone who is what might though?
The boss gave him the money to appease the clients, he had to what?
What caused my shirt to get soaked after going jogging?
What would you need to have insulation to go to?
The location was famous for it's color, but the tourist was interested in the column of the what?
What do people do in the cold?
The business did not make profit.  What did it do?
The humorous is a bone found where?
Where would you bring a tote bag with papers in it?
Where is a supply closet likely to be located?
He finished installing a swinging hinge on both parts, she had always wanted a fancy what?
What is someone doing to the other party when hurting someone else?
What can occur in fencing when it is really hot?
if you cogitate on something for a long time, you can get this feeling?
John spent his days planting ficus trees.  He did so because trees were an important part of what?
The row houses featured nearby red phone booths, where were they located?
Where is known to have many a lake?
James needed storage for 500 tons o beans in crates.  What sort of facility might he use?
Where are the seats frequently covered in popcorn and soda?
When you first wake up and head to work what do you have to do?
what habitat do marmots live in?
Terrorism is a nasty thing, though cause by a few it can lead to all out what?
It was a very expensive wristwatch, when he wasn't wearing it he kept it displayed in it's what?
The main part of turkey makes up what?
What might someone be starting a fire to achieve?
How do central banks go about fighting inflation?
If something is going to die what is likely to happen first?
Samantha was a person, but she wasn't comfortable with others.  She'd rather spend her time with what?
A man needs to finish some paperwork, where does he go?
What kingdom is frequently associated with pubs?
Which state has blue ridge mountains that are called Blue Mountain?
Where would people go if they want to go fishing?
A king or queen is a member of what class?
The sinner was hoping the deity was forgiving, ultimately what did he seek?
What does a person who does not have an outhouse have?
What kind of breathing makes noise but does not indicate that you are sick?
Most people loved competing, it's a way to show of their what?
What happens to kids when visiting museums of old dinosaur bones?
The salesperson was like a shark pacing around for his prey, and the what was his sea?
What could a gentleman be wearing?
You often keep tools in a box in your?
Arkansas university plays in the southeastern confernce, the sooners of where play in the big twelve?
After the yoga class everybody was instructed to sit quietly and do what?
The person kept a straight face, what was he avoiding?
The ranch house is common in what northwestern Rocky Mountains state
Their boss informed them they can't just be chatting with friends on the clock, it was okay if they were doing what though?
The student pulled an all-nighter before attending lecture, what did he do upon arriving?
In what would you hear a viola along with three other instruments?
Where is a good place to obtain a ladder?
Where are  people likely to push a religious tract?
Where are you likely to find a sideboard filled with serving dishes?
Studying for taking final exams can be nerve wracking, especially if you're afraid of what?
Where could I go to a steakhouse with an ocean view?
What do parents tell their kids to stop doing when they want them to go to sleep?
What will the guard protect us from?
Where would I buy beer if I ran out?
When a retired person returns to work they likely need to do what?
What does answering questions correctly lead to?
Indoor cats versus outdoor tend to what longer?
The couple was enjoying regularly copulating, but if you ever met them you'd think they hardly knew each other based on their what?
If you're getting drunk while in public you are likely where?
A grain of sand might cause you discomfort if it get into your what?
In ancient times they tried to chart each star, they spent a lot of time staring into the what?
The hit a toll road or two on their way to the big apple, it was their first time where?
John can't find any legal alternatives to what he's looking for.  It's very illegal, exacerbated by the fact that he's too young to travel out of the country to get it.  Where will he have to get it from?
Why may a person with troubles do when praying?
What kind of cold storage would you use if you just bought some food?
What should someone do after someone is done helping them?
What would you open to find a bottle of glue?
If the vegetable plants needed watering, you might want to get the hose out of the what?
If a crowd of people being to panic, what might they do?
What happens to the victim of someone committing a murder?
The man washed clothes, but needed more than water, what did he need?
The potatoes were to be served, what is the best vessel to serve them in?
Sean liked analyzing information.  He felt that he helped him learn what?
What type of presentation might be set up on a table?
Sam came to despise his sister.  On the other hand, she felt what for him?
They desperately needed new sports equipment, the students had a bake sale for the what?
If you fall when going for run you most likely did what?
What does reading letters produce when one is unaware of a condition?
What might a person heading overseas do?
He was a trivia hound and loved being able to answer anything, he loved studying to do what?
People from all countries enjoyed the music, what was the music like?
John tried to gain money, but all of his attempts to improve himself only did what to his income?
What state would have many Mexican restaurants?
What is a place that usually does not have any pillow?
A natural starting fire from lighting raged on for the second week, the governor declared it the biggest what he had seen?
The tourists sought out red telephone boxes, where do they look?
The gel container said to keep it cool, where should you put it?
James used the oven  to cook the meat.  How might it cook the meat?
What is required for someone to be chatting with friends?
What does a person do before going into tertiary education?
What would an adult do at a party?
One of the things that you can count on when going to the market on a weekend is?
They were ready to buy house for the first time, they wanted to be what and make sure they knew what they were doing?
Where can I go to eat and be treated like a gentleman?
Where would you find a lizard in the wild?
What can happen if you attempt too much learning?
If you lay on the floor of you outdoor deck and gaze up you'd be looking at what?
Sitting down in a cushy chair will lead to what?
Houses require a study what to be built on?
The master control for ones electricity is usually where?
The laughable senator tried to blame video games and use television, but those things don't make somebody what?
The frozen food is starting to melt, where would I put it?
Where do people typically store a drill?
What would happen if you want to win a game?
What eastern continent would you travel to in order to see a gazelle in their disneyland's zoo?
Where does a cow live?
The child was spiteful of his parents, what did he do?
Going in an air conditioned room to cool off is a good way to get what from hot weather?
If you wanted to see a gazelle in the wild, which land mass feature would you be looking for?
What could happen after discovering truth that you did not want to know?
The audience watched the principal speaking, where were they seated?
The bird flew around and around, finally it landed on a branch with its what?
When enjoying flowers in a recreation area run by local government, where are you?
When will this summer end?
I wish to attach two pieces of paper without using glue, what should I use?
What are women expecting to begin procreating?
What would a parent do after baking some cookies?
Australia is a country and also a what?
How might others describe someone who goes around killing people?
The runner lost the race because he had bad shoelaces.  What might his shoelaces have caused him to do?
Where would a violinist stand on a platform?
Where are you likely to find an art gallery?
Something you do requires effort and what else?
The next step in the remodel was new flooring, so they head out to shop where?
Billy is stumbling about because he has little light.  There's a rolled up map of stars in the corner.  The floor creaks with every step.  His flashlight is fading.  Where might she be?
What can help a lemur to see?
People have to eat and drink, breathing is also a key factor in what?
He cried when seeing the bill, what did he feel?
If someone is looking for new carpeting where can they put it?
Where might a snake slither out of?
Lance loved playing simulations on his computer.  He spent his time building an entire what?
If people are disappointed by something they aren't entitled to, what must they do?
The curious child had many balloons, he released one to see what would happen and watch as in floated into the what?
Where do most people get carrots?
The curious child wanted to know more about the lizard, so he opened up volume L of the what?
Johnny had a number of tools, including a hammer, which is needed because of his work.  Where might he have worked?
Soldiers who have been killing people during what experience what when they return home?
If you found yourself explaining what a rook was named a rook, it might be because a child is calling it a what?
The old lady was peculiar, she kept her medicine hidden below the cookies in the what?
Where would you find some people who are drinking a glass of water?
What kind of building has many a book written in Hebrew?
The business meeting was more casual and not standard protocol, what was it like?
Drinking alcohol to excess can cause you to begin doing what?
If you're very rude while expressing yourself what is likely to happen?
The girl who was often ignored had a boy flirting with her, what did she feel?
Because it was only two bedroom, one of the three roommates slept on the couch in the where?
What does the policeman gain from discovering the truth in a crime?
The weasel wanted a home, where did it happen to find one?
Billy held the key information that Lorna needed.  Without that, Lorna couldn't find what?
What kind of country has a government?
What is a good thing for farmers to have to start off?
Best friends are often good at?
There was a big convention going on and all the hotel rooms were booked.  There weren't any available in the entire state of what?
Where can a person be paid to play a triangle?
He used a blunt instrument to do the killing, there was no way to clean up the what?
When you haven't seen someone since they were young and years have passed what has happened to them?
What does a real estate agent typically do when describing homes?
Litter collects where when it's thrown out of a car?
Where should a cat be in a house?
After running for 100 miles, he couldn't any more, what is he suffering?
What happens to a building around half of the time every day?
What could happen after sitting down for a long period of time?
What would you be if you comfort friend?
What negative consequence is expect when gaining more land?
Where would you store a stack of paper when not immediately needed?
The sloth was quite the sight, it moved quite slow while in what from one vine to another?
What device popular with children has two wheels?
Where would a snake find a great hiding place in the United Kingdom?
Joe went to a place with a mix of carpet and hardwood floors in order to have a good time with his friends.  Where might he have gone?.
Where is it safer to keep marmot?
Which state are you in if you're at a tennis court in a mitten-shaped state?
Where are very high tech computers found?
Where can someone spend money?
They decided that they were going public with the big announcment. The announcement was completely unexpected and confusing. It brought the nation to a what?
What could fighting inflation help to prevent?
Where does she keep her notebook with her when not in use?
What do you do in court to alleviate curiosity?
Trains tend to come on time, airplanes on the other hand tend to what?
What is it necessary to do before beginning work on a computer?
Some people add up to something, but others put in no effort in their lives ending with what result?
Where are you if there is a dental office along with other similar provider?
Where is a personal washing machine likely to be found?
Where are people likely to kick a ball?
Where would you put the end of a steel cable if you want to use it as a lightningrod?
Socialising with the in crowd was tiring, she found herself always suffering what when seeing what everybody had that she didn't?
When one is calculating attributes, what is the likely skillset being used?
What is the legal consequence of killing likely to be?
How does having a light, healthy lunch affect you?
The Canadian farmer wondered if potatoes would grow where he lived, where was his likely location?
Where would you see a picture created by a professional?
Bob found a bunch of ball bearings behind a wall when he was renovating.  He didn't want them to scatter around, so he picked them up in put them in a what?
If a person uses a computer at night to surf the internet, what feeling might they try to alleviate?
That person next to me is always on her cell phone.
The police busted down his door, he realized only then he was just the pawn in his partner's grander what?
They made rules to bar any smoking in the building, if you wanted to do it you had to what?
What does a person who is lazy want?
With all the Great Lakes nearby he bought a boat, but it needed storage during the harsh winters where?
If you feel like everything is spinning while climbing you are experiencing what?
What does someone committing perjury likely to have?
What area are theaters typically located?
What generally elected position might be prone to be labelled a weasel?
What is an adult engineer likely to do?
When the person realized his dog ran away, how did he feel?
The man felt that his prospects with very dismal, in spite of help, but at the same time, he was very what?
The craftsman used elaborate joinery and paneling for the what of the saloon?
She suffered from mental illness her whole life, but despite that she still what?
Sarah couldn't stand living without an air conditioner.  It was summer and she was in what?
Why do people spend time chatting with friends?
If someone was determined to curb their inability to save for retirement, they might want to look into the what?
The referee blew his whistle and recited a rule after a play, when did he do this?
What do people employ for finding information?
Where would you buy magazines after looking for vegetables?
What can happen after someone is going into a trance?
What must a train do before reaching the station?
He actually felt refreshed after switching to getting up early, sleeping in had been leaving him what all day?
The boy is good at making friends, what happens as an immediate and obvious result?
An adult called an engineer does what while on the job?
Where is a good place to keep personal money?
Where is a common gathering place for adults often the football field?
The child was pretending he was in space, regular items were parts of his spaceship thanks to his what?
Is has been speculated that a aliens could be communicating by doing this?
They say dogs are a man's best friend, this is because of dog's pack mentality and being what?
When someone is talking you can hear their?
The cleanup crew would always find a hub or two during highway clean up, they always came off of a what?
The delivery man knocked on the door, it was a new computer being delivered and the recipient could not wait to open the what?
The servant was asked where to put the flowers, what was his status at the wedding?
It's rude to make loud noise and commentary while watching something where?
where do families likely watch television?
If something you do moves you toward a predetermined goal what have you done?
Where is too much snow likely to cause damage?
What do birds have that can fall off?
Where would you put bread immediately after buying it?
Where will you wait in a reception area when you're suffering?
Where would you stand in a line and not need a coat if it is cold outside?
If student work hard, how would they be expected to perform?
Billy lived alone by a lake.  He was told he had to move because people weren't allowed to live where?
Jon put drops in his eyes so that they wouldn't do what?
He had been away from his hometown for years, upon returning he said he would love to what?
WHere do people rake a leaf into?
James is a mid-ranking officer.  He leads a group known as a what?
Where can you get a brand new book shelf?
What would a parent do if their child never goes outside or sees other people?
Where do you change lanes while in a car?
Mario was away for the first time.  He was excited when he met the what?
What always happens when visiting museum?
Where is gasoline made?
Where can you find millions of apple tree?
I needed new clothes before starting high school, what did I need to do?
What is a teacher required to do for her students?
What's a good game activity for two children to do together?
The rich kid thought he could offer the professor money, and in turn the professor would let him what?
Where would I go to see a musician playing a snare drum in a theater?
What is a person that is not from the east?
Sarah was very good with a brass drum.  Her friend Jane was performing at a concert and asked Sarah to join her.  What did Jane ask Sarah to join?
What is a person who has become a minimalist hope to achieve?
If a person isn't being honest they are practicing what?
The sunshine was quickly burning up the crew, it seemed to not only beat down from about but also from below by reflecting off the what?
There was no email reply, so what was the purpose of the follow up email?
Where can I find a bowl of whipped cream?
What makes a person feel good?
When people are drinking alcohol, what state are they in?
Where will any tearoom be?
What is a place that sells food but does not usually sell suntan lotion?
Jane want to learn about riding a bike, what is a skill she needs to master in order to do so?
The special interest group spent millions convincing young people they were changing society, but really they were just keeping people in two party lines and were just after their what?
If you were to make a new copy an original sculpture what have you made?
The bee had to be shipped down south to avoid the cold winter, where was it originally from?
When does an apple tree have apples that are not yet ready to eat?
Why do almost all people that take dance classes do it?
As a human who valued privacy he asked that everybody do what so he could act without eyes upon him?
You can find a fast food restaurant in every town in what country?
What do you have to do to get something from a store?
Where event might one obtain an injury via a skate?
Some celebrities find going public useful after being caught at what?
What do people who are having fun in a big way experience?
Where would a teacher store their upright piano?
The sloppy dad saw the random stuff in the kitchen, and didn't know where to put it, where did he decide to place it?
The temperature was inadequate for cooking turkey, what did it need to do?
What leads a company to get in trouble?
Sally was watching from near the orchestra pit as the players came on stage.  What sort of building is she in?
Where is a shelf likely to be made of wire?
Where do most people keep utensils?
Why did only the close friends laugh about the fox?
what can get a prisoner in more trouble?
Densely packed trees in a forest do what in order to reach sunlight?
Old cowboy and indians movies always have a horse, they also usually take place in what region?
A sporting goods store is usually found in shopping squares and malls, but the privately owned shop was just right there in the small what?
Sarah knew she was committing perjury, so there was a lot of what feeling between her and the prosecutor?
Jamie wen to the theater near his home.  He was surrounded by servicemen.  Where might he be?
If some was to abandon a pet at the shelter then it would potentially be able to find a new family to what?
While seeing idea become reality was rewarding, she was really after the bottom line and want to what?
The man was a great motivational speaker, he explained how his disability was actually his greatest what?
When you're driving you're what from place to place?
John prepared a written sex contract.  It wouldn't hold up in court, but it gave him piece of mind, and he had it signed before he allowed his newest BDSM partner to perform what on him?
Broom stood in the middle of the room.  There were two doors on opposite sides of him, but he couldn't see them.  Where were they?
I needed my jeans washed when my electricity was cut off, where did I go?
The results were wildly erratic towards either end of the spectrum, it was actually quite what to actually get the average result?
James had trouble learning the French language because he never had any what to it?
What would answering questions cause if the questions are not interesting?
The living room is a common area for the family, it really makes it feel like a what?
Lara checked out the loose hub.   He she didn't tighten it, the what might come loose and then hundred of people would die?
Where can a person buy clothing and appliances?
How would a child learn to gain the skill of riding a bike without training wheels?
Why would someone not like machines?
Betty felt that being in love was vital and important, necessary to do what?
Love leads people to fully do what?
He wanted to play an alto sax to be clearly heard over the other ruckus, what was he a member of?
How might an unhappy person try to end their suffering?
What do you need to do when you are getting drunk?
He was tuning out the business show in the background, they were yammering about how to fight inflation with a certain percentage to what?
If a soldier is directed by someone with a higher status what do they have to do?
Why would you be bringing suit that is for outside use?
Any place sounded good besides McDonalds, he was hungry enough to go where?
Where might someone leave their baggage on a platform?
Where would a woman store a train ticket on her person?
Lilly was getting warm and John's hands ran down her hips and rubbed her butt.  She wasn't quite there yet, but she was beginning to experience what?
The kids wanted to cool off so they all went to what?
Where do people have screen savers of sunshine?
John couldn't smile. He wasn't sad,  he didn't have the muscles for it anymore.   But he made the kids happy by standing on his head when he did what?
The central passage was a big arched hallway, you could pay your bills or register to vote at this what?
Where would you put a telephone after you bought it?
When you have a lot of anger and someone talks you down you're much more what?
Males can sometimes have explicit fantasies while sleeping, this can lead to what stiff situations?
The speaker did what with the new product for the others?
If you're very religious and end up stopping being married to your spouse, what may you think of your decision?
Billy lived with his uncle.  This was an unusual arrangement. Name something that is different from this arrangement.
What does a human wear when surfing?
She often spent money she didn't have buying products, this lead to what?
What contains a ball to help it work efficiently?
The moss was slippery because of constant moisture, what was nearby?
Luke only wanted his freedom, after years of being forced to labor in what conditions?
There was only one place that specialized in sports equipment in the town, what seemed really had a shop for everything?
Where can a ferret hide easily?
The cat is going to the castle. Why is he going there?
Kuwait and others in the region aren't always immediately associated with it, but they are located in where?
Sally was a real estate agent but she was a bad one.  She didn't do well because people knew that she would oversell some features of the homes she sold. They assumed that she was always doing what?
If an insurance adjuster finds your claim incorrect they will do what?
Who has blood and parents?
After beginning work, what did the man do because he was tired?
What old models are likely to be made of wood?
Where might you find a map on an outside wall?
Susan climbed the slops.  It was very difficult.  She wished that she was on what?
What causes a difficulty in breathing?
What happens when snow on a mountain becomes heavy?
While it wasn't damaged yet, she kept a spare wooden rod with the other cleaning supplies inside the what?
Why would you be going fishing and releasing the fish?
What are blue birds known to do?
If an altar is in danger of vandalism, where should it be placed?
What might happen to things that would cause an activity to stop?
Where is a tap show likely to make a lot of noise?
If you're watching a horror film what are you likely to experience?
What is helping likely to make someone have?
Where would you most commonly find a marmot?
what does someone getting in shape want to achieve?
How may one feel after playing games for a long time?
Where are people most likely to ride a bicycle beside canals?
How would a human be feeling if they were smiling and whistling?
What is a beaver likely to chew up?
Though working 8 hours a day was mandatory at the company, what was their policy toward employee contributions to retirement?
The selfish man liked to take food from potlucks, but what didn't he do with food?
The bleachers full of hooligans roared through many chants and smoke bombs during the raucous what?
If one is contemplating during meditation, what does one strive for?
What should my brother and I find if we want to see a robin at the end of summer instead of this blue egg?
A lonely and mentally disturbed person may begin doing what for conversation?
Where do cows graze?
Where would you expect to find many homes and businesses?
If a coworker needed a pen they might ask you for one, that's why you should keep spares in your leather what?
A boy is leaving line because he's tired of listening to the teacher's orders, what might the teacher give?
The sick boy began reading letter after letter, there had been a campaign of strangers all over sending him letters and it brought him feelings of what?
The hermit had a bedroom and kitchen in his what on the hill?
There is a landing at the top of what that you walk up?
James went to the tennis court that was located in his home what?
They had just gotten their first house and needed a washer and dryer, they walked up and down the showroom where?
What must a master do with all skills for a trade?
Sam drove to the city square and noticed that the lines weren't quite right.  It was a few degrees off, most like a trapezoid.   What might Sam be interested in?
When I have rest, what does that mean happened earlier?
What always has some hole in it?
In what state could the steakhouses offer fresh-caught lobster?
What prevents someone from going to bed?
What is a child likely hoping to achieve by going to play?
If somebody eating breakfast keeps it light, it may be because they don't want to go to work with a what?
As a person is dying, what might be a sign that it is happening?
What happens after people perform a concert?
What is my biggest fear when opening a business?
What can kissing in November cause?
What often happens to the knowledge base of someone who is learning?
Plants can't move, so what must they do to continue their lineage?
She had been looking through pictures for hours, she just couldn't eye a suspect among all the what?
Roberto sees a bald eagle, and wonders what it has come to symbolize?
James wanted his anemone to grow and bloom, so he put it in what?
The siblings fought so much it seemed like the mother had to make a rule for every what?
The blade would catch the air and turn, this powered the what engine to create power?
What is the last thing you do before you start sleeping?
Malls are where you go shopping. What else do you do at malls?
What does you body do when you exercise?
What would a team be doing when a winning baseball game is imminent?
Stopping being married to each other seemed to be the best option, they decided to what?
What is served with dinner at a french restaurant?
Her flow was getting knotted, so she put up the convertible's top next time she was what?
What do you do when you pray?
What could writing cause before it has been finished?
Which large state does colorado not bordeR?
WHat does someone feel for someone that they entertain?
Where would a doctor train before gaining a practice?
The shopping center was empty and needed tenants, who did they solicit?
If you eat beans when eating dinner, what noise are you likely to make?
Every living person has what on top of their neck?
The laid of factory worker had what feeling when hearing about a changing society?
Where on a river can a human hold a cup upright to catch water on a sunny, clear day?
The spy was listening to the target chatting with friends, his mission was just what?
What can light do when it passes through the air?
What kind of building sometimes has a basement and is occupied the most on the day after Saturday?
Where does the shopping bag go after you finish shopping?
What do most people do while reading newspaper?
In order to see a story on the big screen what must you do?
The food show specialized in pizzas, each week they went to different states visiting a pizzeria in each of their what?
The family decided to have a picnic, they got some bread and chips out of their walk-in what?
How does a president come to be?
After getting a divorce what does your relationship status change to?
He followed the train tracks hoping to get home, he had gotten lost in the Yooperland where?
Having children do what after dinner helps to teach them responsibilty?
I want a dog that's easy to spot, which one should I get?
A dentist's office wanted to have higher visibility than the other medical offices. Where would it set up shop to maximize visibility?
The aisle that John was on had macaroni, rice, and hamburger helper. What sort of store is John most likely shopping at?
What could cause a drop of blood to fall?
What are you about to do If you're going to study in a library?
Where is a mother likely to put a ribbon?
What does climbing a mountain lead to?
James was positive that this situation had soured.  What type of situation did he think he was in?
What would you get if you want a painting but cannot afford the original?
What does someone immoral do when they are taking final exams without studying?
Bob lost his sunglasses.  He looked everywhere for them.   Where might he get new ones quickly?
WHen people are fighting inflation what should they stop doing?
Bill likes driving, but it's expensive.  He wished that cars didn't do what?
Where is the best place to keep a dish cloth?
Between each customer some times a waiter is required to do what?
A poor family has no decorations in December, what would make a great gift?
If a person has to pee then their bladder is what?
What can ignorance between groups cause?
When you play games with children you're doing what to them?
What could happen if you are fishing but do not catch any fish?
Where could you find many radio studio?
She got an extra blanket to get warm, this would hopefully make her even what?
If someone has hunger in the middle of the night what should they do?
What do people do when they are bored?
I typically use a travel website to book my flights is implying i used the travel site when?
When the farmer was reproducing sheep, what did one sheep give later?
He was bound for llano estacado, where was his end goal?
If someone is not able to reply to you, they could be?
Some people don't have insurance, they can expect a long wait in the waiting room when they go to the walk in what?
If you're pouring water over grounds what type of drink are you making?
Most human hair is where?
The dog seemed antsy and restless, it turned out it had what?
Where could you find a library that people of any age can visit?
Her dog was getting too close to the street, she yelled for it to get away and do what to where she pointed down?
What could happen if you are listening to someone who is answering questions incorrectly on purpose?
What do you need to do before you can dream?
Where can one attend a famous bazaar?
Where could you see a sloth that only exists in your head?
What does the idea of going on vacation inspire ?
Where would be able to get a bbq meal away from home?
Where is the best way to store personal knowledge?
You go into a building.  There were two guards at the entryway checking IDs.  Where might you be.
The baby heard his mom talk for months, what did he do as a result?
Before the party, what did the staff need to attend?
John watches the well dressed people from a catwalk above the stage.  He listens to them speak rehearsed lines while the audience listens.  Where is he/
What is a place that has a queen who is not an insect?
Johnny had a disease that kept him from playing with friends.  His family only wanted him to achieve what?
What type of bike has an engine?
I was sick of driving the car as I had done so for 10 hours, how was I feeling?
If I were a snake, where would I go tempt people?
Where might people enjoy a swimming pool before bedtime while on vacation?
A modern farmer needs many skills common for who in order to manage finances and increase sales?
What happens if lovers want to show affection?
What would you use to get a wash cloth wet without having to squat down?
When you decide to go somewhere, why do you do it?
What do you do when you meet people for the first time?
Why would someone be unable to be bringing suit?
He just needed to pick up one more thing off his list and fill his cart, he grabbed some coffee on his way to checking out of where?
If the characters are wearing hats and in a dime store what are you likely watching?
Why do manufacturers have many machines?
What is a painful condition that would make going to the opera uncomfortable?
I have some liquid food that I want to store, where would I put it?
I need a balloon to decorate something, what am I buying it for?
He decided to speak up and be what about the written assignment the students found unfair?
Where does the water run-off overflow end up?
What can happen to money after buying too much beer?
Where would you walk in a passage?
What would you do if you have excitement and do not want to stay in your house?
He was well ahead at the casino, he wisely decided to cash in which brought a smile of what?
James was having fun with Jane.  What sort of feelings might this bring him?
A company with the moniker of Big Sky Excavation would probably be found where?
What might happen when not being careful setting a cup on a table?
Joe lived skating.  It was very Zen to him.  He was calm and steady.   He could feel the wind.  He loved to do what?
Starting in the mouth and passing through the throat what organ is where food passes through the body?
where do you buy a pen?
What are children in uniforms and helmets about to do?
Where might a chess set outside get frozen?
What is a place where clippers are used on women?
What vessels in Alaska are looking for crab?
If I were to suffer from sudden illness I would be within reason to visit where?
James was printing on his printer and the paper got stuck.  Then when it was unjammed, he had to clear what?
They were having a gender reveal party, the flower bouquets were all colored what for their daughter?
Where would you visit a ticket booth before going on a ride?
If you see your favorite show and it's a comedy you'll likely do what?
He packed his toothpaste and brush in a small bag then stuffed it with his clothes into a what?
Where is one unlikely to get popcorn?
The crab was separated from his compatriots out in the sea, where was he likely to be?
Billy tried to defeat John, but John was just too good.  It seemed that billy could never achieve what?
She found out who her father was, discovering truth had led her to feel what?
If you don't have anything designed to hold a dollar bill, where would you likely carry it?
When the woman put her belonging  in the drawstring bag, how did she want her things to stay?
When a bald eagle flies at the northern extreme of the continental Unites States, where is it?
Where are leaves likely to cause an accident?
Having a lot of food is likely to make someone have a certain sensation of what?
John was responsible for the biggest oil spill ever.  It was entirely what?
What is a reason for hiking?
If a person feels they are getting a job but they never get the offer, how might they feel?
Where could you find a real knight?
While sitting on the patio they saw a fox come out of the woods and run by, it was a common sight in their cabin's what?
What was the reaction when the children were given ice cream?
Where might I find air to fill up these balloons?
Killing people had become a way of life for the gangster, but surely he would also what?
She already had many friends, but she never stopped socialising to what?
What do professors do to prove their points?
What happens if you trip while playing basketball?
Laura and Bob are a married couple who have begun reaching tentative agreement regarding their  sexual incompatibility.  They love each other and want to remain together, but have decided that they can see other people to fulfill their needs as long as they are honest about it.  Then entire negotiation is being done with a surprising amount of what given the subject matter?
Bob asked James to be an alibi witness for him but James is worried about committing perjury. He's afraid he'll be found out and he'll what?
What do you feel when you're not getting paid?
The senator had been going public with news about what was really going on in the govenor's office. What sort of situation did the bring around the governor?
If you are starting a fire on purpose and are caught what will happen?
What could cause you to be staying healthy?
Some times I have trouble expressing myself, but I use clothing, sometimes even ugly clothing as a form of this.
Where is a safe space for a boat?
Despite warnings to not do it while printing on printer, they still had an issue with people carelessly doing what near it?
Where could you see a single bee?
The ticket booth informed riders that the train was running late, so where was the ticket booth located?
While resting what are you trying to achieve?
Why would a person require a large amount of thinking?
Where can you see snakes at a public zoological park?
What happens with not enough drinking?
Jealousy is not uncommon when to people do what with each other?
The terrace was ornate and artfully laid out, what kind of firm created it?
What will eventually happen someone who is committing murder, even if he or she is not caught?
James went to outer space for the first time.  He packed everything, including his peanut butter, into a single object.  Where might his things be?
Where would a soprano sing live for money?
How could being someones taxi for the day while they run errands be good for the world?
He brought his wallet with him, this was because buying products means what?
What would happen to a person if he or she fell down and broke his or her leg?
The spout was producing hardly a dribble, so fearing germs he began to look for another what?
James hated baseball. Seeing people play a game wasn't fun to him. It only filled him with what?
Why would someone not know where he or she left something after getting drunk?
What accused of committing a murder what is a person facing?
When you buy something new , what do you read for information?
What causes hard breathing when you are sick
What is a child's reaction likely to be when going to play?
Where do you put a cardboard box that is damaged beyond use?
God is often depicted as omnipotent, he can do what?
If a reception is held near a golf course, what is the likely venue?
Southern is the opposite of what?
If one needed peas and shopped local, where might they go?
The old lady wanted to purchase a can of paint, the helpful employee got it for her off the what?
The deep fryers used gallons and gallons of oil a week, the location was the busiest what in town?
When people are learning about science and not burdened by the morals of a higher power, they are more likely to come up with what?
Bob wants to talk, but he's surrounded by gnats and he thinks they're gross.   No one can hear him because refuses to do what?
What does a head attach to?
What do I say when I am meeting people for the first time?
What would contain an image of a blowfish?
Where would you put your change if you will not need to use it soon?
The band was performing live, but if you looked close enough you'd realize the sound was previously what?
Why do most people engage in chatting with friends?
The graveyard is usually found on the outskirts of what group of homes and businesses?
If you learn more about your weakest subjects you'll have done what to yourself?
Before we are able to run what do we need to know how to do?
The investor seemed shady, he kept insisting his client had to spend money to what?
If someone is talent but doesn't like performing, they probably suffer from what?
If I want to make my cup of water colder, how would I go about it?
While in a zoological park where would you find a bald eagle?
When in a serious relationship understanding better requires what?
The shark kept bumping into piers and couldn't seem to get out into open water, where was it stuck?
Where would someone have to carry their brass instrument while they played?
The man was bad at getting a job because of his poor references, what did he need to work on being?
John heard a language that he could not understand. He thought that the door was shut, but he eventually realized that there was no door, and that the light source that was blinding his eyes was very familiar.  He was on his back looking at what?
Simon was meeting Jane that afternoon.  This meant that he needed to be finished with his project by when?
It is a well known adage that you should not mix business with what?
Them two going out for coffee could be expensive, so she just had it over at her what?
John wanted a silo home.  He did this because it's cheaper to heat and cool.  What insulates a silo home?
Where does a human not often go?
What is moving cars without looking likely to result in?
what do you extend to have a bigger back yard?
Where would you need a ladder to eat?
Bill wants to make a fortune while sailing in the Caribbean, what should he look for?
Where is a good place to keep a wagon meant for work?
Dan was living on his own in a big city.   He was okay with his situation, and enjoyed all the fun things to do, but he was still searching for something. What was he searching for?
James uses television l;ate in the day, after work.  It does so because his work is hard and he wants to be what?
The physiologist identified a bone, what were they looking at?
What's a good solution for being bored?
A reaching advantage can help a boxer achieve what?
John noticed a plate flanked by silverware set aside for him.  Where was this plate?
Where might someone go after dealing with a passing sentence?
He knew how to make bread, but he said "I don't have all day because what"?
What is the result of kissing often?
You might find a marmoset in a South American protected what?
What is a place where the ceiling is usually closer to the floor than in other areas?
What is remembering ever answer on a test likely to show?
When is a garden the most beautiful?
What do you feel when successful when competing against a worthy adversary.
Bailey saw something scary in the entrance hall,  but closer examination showed that it was just a what?
He liked his indoor ficus, he simply had to keep it watered and near a what?
John wasn't in his right mind.  His brain did what to him?
Where are you normally when you take a bath?
While in the process of heading home he realized at the last moment he hadn't gotten a souvenir from the trip, luckily the what had a gift shop?
I have a machine for making bread, I keep it in my what?
What can ice help you to do?
Where do people keep money that is not in their wallet?
The players got chills and goosebumps as the went through the central passage into the what?
The baboon is a species of monkey native to where?
What do people typically do when they are trying to making friends?
He felt pride when he saw his team walk out and when he sized op the opposing team, what was he about to do?
The show was live,  and there was no tape delay.  The station decided that they weren't going to have any censorship, and would remain what regarding the issues?
Why does someone want to get warm when they are cold?
John sat in a folding chair in a bit room with a stage.  What sort of room could that be?
When you dont want something, you do what to it?
What do people who want to unwind by listening to music find music to be?
Where would you go to look for your human ancestors?
It was dumb luck, his bad move had actually put him in an what position?
Where do students do most of their learning?
Where might someone keep an eyeglasses case when at work?
You can view a window with your current task on what?
Greg's performance was mediocre.  What might his habits he like?
I put a towel in a cardboard box for the kitten, I wanted it to have what?
A person who is focused on learning about science they will be gaining what?
Where are humans kept in large amounts in small spaces?
Many random citizens would use an entrance hall to enter this sort of building. What is it?
She enjoyed fabric as a medium, her creativity really showed when she would what?
The company was very cheap.  The didn't do what?
The detective had to discover the truth, he started by searching and sifting through the lies to what?
A small dog will be very happy at what gathering of people?
James and Lilly have strong feelings for each other.  To express those feelings they kiss. What else might they do?
Where can one find shelter in the city?
He felt stuffy in the shirt, he began to unfasten the what style of shirt?
John needed a new lock to lock his antique pirate artifact. What might that artifact be?
During the date she explained her belief in fatalism, this contrasted with his strong belief in a person's what?
All the contestants had to wait turn for their chance to what on American Idol?
If someone saved up for a new bass, where would they go to get it?
Seeing a shark near Tahiti means you're where?
The soldier was a great candidate for the job, the hiring officer knew the soldier could what?
Why does Tinder encourage meeting people?
Jane is a farmer who is currently working on a wet terrace.  Where might Jane be?
The people wanted to stop the parade, so what did they set up to thwart it?
If you want to find a small dog, perhaps wearing a white coat, where might it be?
The woman gawked at the diamonds, what did she think of them?
What might someone do with a book if they are experiencing boredom?
John and Grace  live where there are many people, but it's hard for them to move around because of all the what?
Billy first used a spa when he had a torn ankle and his doctor recommended that he go where?
When you want to eat lunch, you need to have what for it?
What happens when you are drinking alcohol too fast?
Billy bought coffee and waited for his wife to arrive from  France.  Where might he have been?
James  didn't like getting in line when he was told to be the teacher.  He wasn't someone who appreciated authority figures.  He didn't like what?
What is likely to happen to someone driving their car too fast?
The college student wanted to meet people, but he didn't really like to what?
John was an idealist.  He gave away internet ready computers because he wanted to do what?
Where would you get a gift for someone who only likes some kinds of thing?
The kid wanted to go outside and play, what was he sick of doing?
The man suffered from beef allergies, what did he suffer from as a result of eating hamburger?
Where do students keep rubber bands?
The battleship fleet had all sorts of ships, the small one was called a what?
What do you use to move water out of a flooded room?
If you want to remember an event what should you do at it?
What type of game causes players to use their head on the ball?
Joe was very good at thinking.  As he grew, he learned out to apply his thoughts to most situations.  This led to him doing what?
Bill is a customer of an electric company.  He calls his electric company. Why might he be calling?
What can be used to remove a drop of blood?
The parents concern was met opposingly by what on behalf of the teacher?
At what structure can you see people you use a puck professionally?
What would you need after recording somethign and then having it transcribed?
Where could you find a laundry room that is only used by a few people?
Where is a bicycle likely to be stolen?
Why would you be staying in bed and not moving at all?
What do large groups often do when claiming to be changing society?
Where does a waiter bring water to customers?
What part are the police likely to have in a killing?
If a sailor sets off on a voyage, where might they stow a suitcase?
The child had never seen a jellyfish in real life, he had only seen them in a what?
You have to clean the tank and remember to feed them, but fish make good entry level what?
She just wanted to feel safe after being in a what kind of relationship?
What is happening if someone is snoring?
The coach explained respect to the players before the game against the worst team in the league, he didn't want his players to what to the opponents?
Where is the ticket booth often outside the building?
Where would normally find two eyes?
What is likely to be the feeling of someone who hurts someone else?
A city like Detroit ended up with a lot of abandoned buildings when large amounts of people moved where?
Jeff Fortenberry is the Republican representative from this state whose capital is Lincoln.
Why is a person likely to be satisfied when using an auto shop?
Where do you see clouds?
Bess told Sam to move, but he refused. He said that he was doing what?
Where do you find a rock?
Why would we handle glass with care ?
What do all humans want to experience in their own home?
The bald eagle was perched on a redwood, what region was it in?
Where are you likely to take peanut butter out of?
Sally appreciated discovering the truth.  After so much worry at gave her what?
In what state would you find the Shenandoah Valley?
How do politicians compete for the big event?
What is the best way to learn new things from someoen else?
what do living things do to continue the species?
Where does a blade help you to move from one place to another?
John noticed that there was a lot of water on his map. Water covered more than half of his map, in fact.   What might his map have been of?
Even when not in flight a bald eagle likes to have a lay of the land, because of this you'll see them perched up where?
What body part does dirt sometimes get under?
Where could I buy some chocolate?
What is mouthwash usually stored in?
The person could get a car loan at a great interest rate, why?
In what sort of region would you expect to find a large number of apartment buildings?
Where might you find a row of apple tree?
Building in downtown New York are not?
The balloon was purchased along with other weekly household essentials, where was it purchased?
When children aren't playing outside what do they like to do?
Where do you find jellyfish?
Where would child's work be on the wall?
The lizard startled the vacationer, he then joked it was one thing that hadn't disappeared in the mysterious triangle where?
Where is a beaver unlikely to be found?
The fire was out of control.  If it wasn't stopped, it might do what to someone?
Where might a catwalk be quiet?
The digital artist like to modify a copy of a famous picture to make it what?
where did many colonial kingdoms originate?
She was beginning to age, an early sign of her memory problems was showing short term what?
The mother was punishing her children, she raised her voice to do what to them?
If you're in a war what are you likely to have to do to another person?
The bird is young and still nesting, what does it need to do soon to move on?
Where on land would you likely find a cannon?
Where does a human go to be lifted and carried off?
Kids have vivid imaginations, they can take anything and use it to what?
A happy person drinking a lemonade and also feeling nauseous or dizzy might be at what event?
Jane didn't care about talking with others. She went dancing just to do what?
where do you buy a game?
Reaching advantage in anything requires hard work and?
The man had much to do, but was using television, what was his problem?
Bringing suit against a family member will cause what with the rest of the family?
What group of old testimant believers gather in a place called a temple to worship?
The goalie felt blood on his face after blocking a ball, where was he/
Where would a ferret feel most free?
She wanted to use television but couldn't find the remote, and she didn't know how to manually what?
The table was designed for gambling, where should it be placed?
What would someone be if he or she did not see a sharp object falling in front of him or her?
Sally wanted a stuffed animal for her birth day, so her father took her some place to pick one out. Where might they have gone?
What does a human do during self improvement?
A person is trying to sleep but cannot.  He tosses and he turns without rest.  What might he need to do in order to sleep?
His mind was far away even though his body was what?
What could happen if creating art that not everyone agrees with?
Where does a group of beaver build a dam?
What is one of the many hazards of traveling?
If I am a person who want to go to college, what am I seeking?
The man pleaded for peace between the two sides, but their what towards each other was too much to abide?
What is it healthy to eat the skin of?
When meeting people, what kind of gesture do you usually give?
John was a terrible writer.   To practice, his teacher suggest that he consider people he knows and do what?
How can you carry a pencil in your shirt?
John had his appointment book with him when he got a medical checkup but he lost it somewhere. Where is the first place that he'd look for it?
Seeing someone open a gift after buying christmas presents causes what for the gift giver?
If you get something for no cost you get that thing what?
The trainer disregarded the disability in his client, what did the trainer actually see?
What's it called when you change a contract?
What would you use if you wanted to play music?
The two friends had been close for decades, but one of their new habits of lying had become a what between the two?
Sally liked hair, and wanted to rub some every single day. However, she has no skill at cutting hair at all, and no interest in doing so.  What might she get to let her rub hair?
I needed more knowledge and had a reputation for truancy, what did I need to go to more of?
What do you need to find a dental office?
During the seated interview the hiring agent hired the man on the spot, he got a contract and pen out of the what right on the spot?
What do people want to feel more than anything?
A cat is wandering outside, where is likely to be found?
How are dogs generally toward people?
All energy on earth comes from the sun.  It arrives in what form?
The homeowner wanted new flooring installed, where did they want it specifically?
Where is a good place to leave a car in public?
What is something only humans can do?
The car had its turn signal one, where was it stopped?
What would rain do if you didn't have an umbrella?
I went to eat in a restaurant, but I left because the person at the front wasn't what?
If an area is not thick with resource, those resources are what?
How might one go about instituting a civil action?
What is the primary duty of a chef?
He was trying to eat more green, as in simple ingredients rather than what foods?
Where might a large personal apple tree be?
What are you about to do after cashing in your chips at a casino?
What is something bad unlikely to be to anyone?
Why do people go hiking?
Sam put his return ticket in a special box.  It was where he kept all of his what?
What would you hold by the handle while many people are watching you?
Jill is in a shopping complex in Ann Arbor, where is Jill?
Where are you when you put your birth control pill to the test?
He always tried to shop local, he didn't like to support what kind of product?
After exercising for 3 hours straight, what did the girl experience?
Jim wanted to make a fortune but didn't like physical labor or dealing with people, what did he try studying?
Where would you put your change if you plan to use it soon and you are a man?
When remembering you referencing things that you have what?
Susan threw the highly elastic ball at the wall.  The ball did what?
If a person loses their balance while on roller skating and can't recover what happened to them?
He had an active imagination, sleeping was always an adventure because of his wild whats?
Where would a zoo keep a lemur?
James felt the best place to install the spa would be where?
What is the farmer's main goal?
All his friends said they liked girls who were thick, but he preferred them healthy but what?
When people in trance are trying to calm themselves what do they do?
How can a person destroy a car after becoming inebriated?
What is the result of getting drunk?
Mable loved horses.  She'd do what with them every time she visited the farm?
Where in your pants would you keep a kleenex?
A person wants to be like Michael Phelps, what should they do first?
Where is the president likely to meet others?
Marmot's can be found in high places.  They have hands that they can use to get to the top of what?
What would happen if you are loving another and he or she does not love you?
Where can you buy a pail, nails and a hammer?
Where should a blank sheet of paper be?
Most lizards achieve locomotion using what?
Where would a cat not belong?
Where are there lots of seats placed in rows surrounding a court?
If a student is failing what should they try to achieve?
Where would a marmoset be unable to breathe?
Why does a bodybuilder eat so much?
When I take clean clothes out of the dryer, what do I do to to them next?
What is the intended biological function when a person has sex?
What can you do while resting that affects other people?
What does a shareholder own?
In Canada you'll hear most people doing what to converse?
What type of environment does a lemur call home?
What's the first thing you have to do to return to work one day?
What is a positive effect of creating art?
When is an electric storm likely to occur?
Where do I put a folding chair if I have more guests than expected in my house?
A good musician has a keen ear, they pick up much more than the normal person when they what?
A cat sometimes has trouble deciding whether or not to come in or out of what?
Where would you put sunglasses if you do not have a shirt but want to bring the sunglasses with you?
What type of gift shop can you by replicas of paintings?
The old saying is that taxes are inevitable, and also what?
Where is a bad place to put a cemetery?
Bob destroyed Wendy's favorite toy. Wendy isn't sad because she believes she can do what to it?
You can find a protected forest in just about any what?
What is a book where you can find the meaning of a word?
Sam was moving out to college.  His parents packed up all of his old toys are placed them in long term storage.  Where might they put the boxes of toys?
Where can you get a yoyo?
The plate needed to be put away where did the mother put it?
What do those of a relative committing suicide likely to feel?
Where will more than a drop of blood be spilt?
Where would you put a saw if you do not need to use it soon and your house only has one floor?
You can do what do share your memories of visiting a museum?
If I want a horse from New England, what state should I look in?
Why would someone be listening to music?
China transports lots of cargo, one way is by sea in a very large what?
The instructor showed how to keep everything tied tight, he didn't want to see any what in their lines?
Billy was a forgiving person.  When Marna confessed to him, she felt what?
If you were lazy you'd probably choose to just watch television simply because what?
He got in the bus in Hell and got off at Christmas, it was a fun trip through where?
What task can a lawyer plan for to engage a witness who has been difficult to find?
Beside clasping their hands what do people do when praying?
What is the opposite of ordinary?
John needs a screwdriver to take the old blade off of his lawnmower.  Where does John look for his screwdriver?
She really wanted her husband to pick a place to have dinner, but he was so used to her choosing he just replied with what?
Where could you find a very large amount of air?
Where would you find an auditorium without students?
Where do people go to see animals?
The large container caught rain water, though hardly potable it was used to water the what?
What does having to obtain lunch at a restaurant result in?
What is a lawyer required to do during the discovery phase of a trial?
James had difficult beginning work, but once it did he didn't stop.  He worked best when he had what?
Where is a place a beaver wouldn't feel free?
Where is there almost always a telephone book, since the telephone is nearby?
Where is gruber exacavation from?
Tickling for a prolonged period of time can cause dizziness and with the spinning, what else can happen?
People die, that's why you tend to find a graveyard where?
The spine is located in your
What emotional state are you in if driving a car in heavy traffic?
What has happened after a tennis game has started?
After getting drunk and crashing his car, what resulted for him?
What is the process of maintaining rosebushes in a lawn called?
What part of a property may be next to a driveway?
Where would people be conscious of the material doors are made of after watching a disaster preparedness video?
Some people use love to do what for themselves?
He wanted to research well-crafted chesterfield, where should he look?
How does a person know how to make the right decision?
If people are 19 years of age, what has happened already to most of them?
There is normally a parking area near what collection of small dwellings?
Cuddling in bed after sex is what kind of way to spend time with a loved one?
I person is likely to say they are what after a good dance?
The scientists dealt with many preserved specimens, so their what was equipped with cold storage?
John loves to eat baked potato but he doesn't have time to cook. Where might he go for potatoes?
You go into a building and see many people going in and out of the entry way.  Most going out are carrying plastic bags.  Where might you be.
The president usually lays his weary head to bed where?
What might going to play lead to for a child?
Where might I find the names of a place to stay?
What specific area is known for it's bay?
Whilst his girlfriend preferred sweet, he preferred what kind of snacks?
Light from the sun goes past earth and becomes weaker as it spreads out into the what/
What happens to a body when they die?
Where is aberdeen in the US located?
Instead of buying brand new pens, what part can you replace to keep using them?
Sonny thought the concert hall was best located in a place with a lot of people.  Where might he put it?
If there is nothing left after paying bills you are what?
Where would a ballpoint pen be useful for a writing a check?
He was going to sleep at his summer home, he turned on an electric fan to air out his what?
Where could an electric razor be exposed to water?
People look outside and see that it's cold and snowy, what do they likely opt to do?
What is the opposite of beautiful?
What do you end up with after cooking?
A bald eagle flew through the heavens above what conversely named erosion?
James wanted to eat hamburger.  He wanted to do so in order to do what?
His anger reached a boiling point, the therapist said they should take a break and what?
Where are rats that live with turtles likely to be?
Where is one likely to find a mathematical rule?
What is a maid usually hired for?
What do we call a garden that is found in public?
Sam was a student at Elmhurst elementary .  She was late when the bell rang so she ran in the hall trying to do what?
The buffalo were big thick and easy to spot, but the were hunted to the point that their numbers were what?
Jogging can do what for your body?
What might a friend throw a party for another friend?
What symptom does smoking relate to the organ of breathing?
What indoor facility would hold an airplane?
The seafood restaurant specialized in fresh caught Atlantic fish, but a controversy arose that it was getting them from the grimy rivers around where?
The person had a talent he wanted to donate to a cause, so what did he do?
What happens when not paying attention when bathing?
How does killing someone usually end?
The teacher told the class they would be taking a lot of notes this semester, he recommended buying a what just for this class?
What could a tennis game be part of?
The cat knew to come just by the sound of what being opened?
What does a person feel when they are close to their birthday?
How do people exchange information to large groups at work?
Bailey couldn't find a place to leave his vehicle because he couldn't find a parking lot anywhere.  It was a very small what?
WHen do people sit around a table together at work?
The breaker that distributes electricity in your home is usually found where?
What does a lead for a journalist lead to?
Where might one see a fine picture as the background of their surrounding environment?
People are helping others while expecting nothing in return, how are they behaving?
What does a person who is a gardener have?
She was competing, but felt inadequate, what did she apply to improve performance?
The glass ceiling was a what, that wasn't enough to defeat her opponent?
If he did not pass course this semester he would have to what?
Where could you find one booking office?
Where do people typically make a friend as an adult?
She choked while eating hamburger, what was the result?
When I have a sponge, but am unsure of where to use it, where should I use it?
Sally bought tickets to the event and headed out.  She was a fan, though some people found it boring and loud.  She liked watching them go around.  Where is Sally going?
What is something someone driving a car needs even to begin?
James needed the tools now.  He wished he had remembered to pack them when?
Seating is usually thought to be best in the center of the room, about halfway back, in what place?
She would cogitate over every little thing, she was what?
What North American country really likes watching matches on a soccer field?
The peninsula and panhandle make for a long coast, this is why many people like to vacation or retire where?
A theory requires that the hypothesis be what?
Where do you buy your birth control pills?
The roadway passed a sign and gate house, what was behind the gatehouse?
The forests were depleting everywhere, what does this negatively affect?
What store is likely to have a non-functioning train as a result of electricity loss?
Bailey liked playing games against other people.  He found it exhilarating.  What might Bailey like about games?
Where are you likely to find just a few words?
Her brother and sister-in-law were coming to visit, she told the kids that uncle and who were coming?
What would you do if you see food on a plate?
Jenny was stuck at home most of the time without anyone to talk to.  She went dancing because she wanted to do what?
Where would you find cloth to sleep on?
A small dog is lost in Copenhagen, what is the dogs likely nationality?
James was not good at socializing but he didn't care.  He just wanted to do what?
What sort of wet area does an anemone inhabit?
What could you find moving in a ticket office?
What is normally the first room as you enter your house?
If you are chatting with friends, and you think the same thing as what your friends say, what has happened?
The tennis court enjoyed older, more refined clientele, where was it located?
Where is the world known to be a part of?
Where are light bulbs frequently found?
If one is neutral with regards to seeing idea become reality what would they most likely feel?
He thought it was appropriate to visit a french restaurant after the ice hockey game while visiting what famous bilingual city?
The jelly was opened and likely to spoil, where should someone put it?
The rich kids suffered from boredom, one suggested heading up to his parents lodge and that they what?
Humans are said to have this thing, but dogs are thought not to have it, What is it?
Bob rested his bottom on a chair in the orchestra pit.  A bottom is also called what?
John wanted to play tennis.  He thought he might be able to find a tennis court somewhere. Where might he look?
Where the newspaper landed if not on the porch?
He was climbing higher and higher, what was he scared of as he got higher?
A person is done eating lunch, why have they likely stopped?
What might happen after winning a baseball game?
Sally checked her undersink and oversink cabinets to see where they were make.  Where might they have been made?
What kind of real estate agent would sell a house for less than what it is worth?
Where is a snake unlikely to be welcome?
What is the purpose of drinking water?
The small dog was something of a homebody, it loved naps on the couch where?
Sam needed to rest after a long day of work, but he didn't have time to sleep.   So instead he just went to the couch.  What might he do on the couch?
Alabama has to consider a hurricane once in awhile as it is one of the whats?
What kind of food is not sweet?
Where would you likely go to buy an armoire?
Where do commuters usually move quickly?
A cow is pretty boring, unless they jump over a moon in a what?
Feet that have been in boots all day will what?
Where would you find many a bookshelf?
What delta state is known for good bbq?
James got a stuffed animal from a UFO catcher machine.  Where might he have done this?
She needed help from a friend to over tighten the strap on her fancy what?
A harmonica might be the smallest instrument sold where?
James constructed a playroom for his children.   His place was small, so he put it in an unattached what?
If I am forgiving, what might my conscience and sense of vengeance find?
If your punched in the nose, your eyes will probably do what?
John was working late at night in a Casino.  When he got off work, he looked for a bar but couldn't find one.  Where might he go instead?
Upon discovering the remains of the lost city, what did archaeologists try to preserve?
Even though they were never told or forced to obey, the people still fashionably claimed they what?
Where would a business man keep a plane ticket with other documents?
When running a business what is the opposite of debt?
Where would you get some chocolate if you want to bake a cake?
If you were going public outing and heart was racing what are you feeling?
It was time for her favorite program, she got comfortable and turned on the what?
How might one conquer boredom by controlling the destiny of imaginary kingdoms?
What kind of business would you make if you want to help people?
What draws ground water away from your and your neighbor's yard?
Early humans would do what on the walls of caves?
What grows well in the sun?
What can I use in order to play a disk in a portable device?
The prisoner would often escape but he was also just as often what?
What is likely to happen from eating too much regularly?
Where would you find politicians in London?
A person who is constantly grooming is try to preserve their what?
Jane need to memorize the section because she was expected to do what to it in class?
The carotid is a main artery susceptible to damage where?
The ranch house overlooked unobscured mountains and valleys, where was it located?
Where would you put a fire extinguisher if there is only one floor in your house and you cannot cook food in your house?
It could have been a beautiful day, but what stopped the sun from shining?
If you brush your hair while bathing what is a good place to store a round brush?
What cannot happen to you while you are sleeping?
Sally knows a person who works at a distillery.  He takes public transportation to his job every day. What is his job?
They got their kid a nice new play mat, they put it in front of the TV in the where?
Where might a person play an acoustic guitar at a birthday party?
The man put flooring in above his garagge, what was he looking to make?
What should my family and I look into getting if we don't want an egg from the supermarket?
The child was lonely, what did he want from his parents?
Where are you likely to find a lot of maps?
Sean was in a trouble.  His clothes were not high quality. In fact, they were very what?
What happens to people if they are having difficulties?
She looked at all the noisy flashing one-armed bandits, if she was going to play she was going to be what?
Billy was searching for leaves to add to his collection.  Where might he have looked for them?
What extremely large southern area in the U.S. has venomous snakes?
Billy couldn't pick a side against a friend, so he stood where?
He needed a stapler and index card, he figure where would be the best place to purchase them?
Some idiots die of dehydration because they spend too much time playing games.  Where might someone play games so much?
Where would a dental office be furthest in the direction of the side that won the Civil War?
Sometimes people seem like robots, but really we're all just what?
James walked barefoot on a something that was made hot by sunshine. What is he probably walking on?
What high rise is often made of windows?
From state to state gardeners appreciate the bee, it is a popular pollinator where?
Where are beautiful cars often found?
They frequently had guests stay over, so even though it wasn't the exact style they wanted they decided on a sofa bed for the what?
What type of person usually gets an illness?
What will a contraceptive device avoid the creation of?
A person who studies constantly is trying to do what?
What causes a moving car?
Water turns turbines in what type of structure?
If two people have a common goal how can they accomplish that goal?
He was going to be working from home, he began to install the program on his what?
Where could you see someone pretending to be an action figure but not trying to sell action figures?
Where can you store candy to keep it from going stale?
Where will my kid put their coin in their room?
Science is a difficult subject.  What's a purer subject?
If there is a grocery store nearby it is in your what?
If someone is fiddling a fiddle at random, what song are they likely to play next?
Some people really enjoy others, for them socialising is a way of what?
The man asked to have a tissue holder installed at the dealership, where did they put it?
What kind of place does a beaver call home?
If you wait until the last minute when buying christmas presents what are you likely to experience?
The show was done live, but what were the producers worried about?
A gazelle needs to run and jump when it's on what sort of terrain?
Sarah's dress was very loose. She preferred that.  She didn't like showing off her curves. What type of clothes would she not wear?
The cashier said if you want to buy food you have to do what?
Where are you likely to find  a person called Cinderella?
Those who cut themselves despite being warned that an object is sharp could be called what?
What do you do when you have lunch?
James turned on his computer and the monitor lit on the room.  What might his body do as he stands there?
A court case with a tough judging might result in what?
People rushed down the aisles in confusion as someone shouted fire, what were they running out of?
Where do you eat most of your food?
The archaeologist was seeing artifacts that made no sense, so what did he do?
She was jogging faster and faster, pushing herself, what was she looking to improve?
A card slot for casino member points adorns each of what one-appendage devices?
There was a list of employees that weren't getting the job done, they were attending meeting to help them with their what?
What could customers do after you serve customers?
If you need to store old clothes and want to keep moths away you can put them in what large rectangular storage container?
What can you do in front of a tv if you have curiosity about what is being displayed on the tv?
He wanted a condominium near the Pacific ocean, where should he buy one?
Mary offered to let James sleep on her hide sofa bed, but he thought it was uncomfortable.  Where might he have decided to stay?
She preferred the light blanket, what did she think of the older blanket?
If you are losing when competing how may you feel while admiring the opponents score?
When two people are married what would they do to have children?
Why is a member of the priesthood in a new church advised by friends to start getting in shape?
To become great at fiddling you need lots of?
Where do you get clothes in a shopping bag?
It was a rowdy group, he even smashed his guitar at the end of the what?
If something is occurring at an altar, what might the occasion be?
Where is a drug dealer convicted of a felony likely to go?
He was a gentle man, but due to working out, what were his muscles like?
where do people go to view famous pictures?
What do gentleman do when they need to talk?
What would need oil to be used?
What sense does jumping rope give you?
Many politicians like to talk about the small time farmer, but almost all farms are actually what?
What can you build for your puppy so he can sleep comfortably outside?
John looked for beavers but couldn't find any, because he lived where?
Where are you if you're drinking beer and watching men hit a black and white ball with their feet?
Where can a vegetarian restaurant be found?
The wind was heading one way, and then headed another way, what happened?
Where would you find guns and people in uniform?
The equipment manager was in charge of the sports equipment, when the team arrived for an away he took it off the bus and brought it where?
What might have a ground floor?
Where could a bee get stuck easily?
Dust accumulates where?
Dave wants to build a new ranch house, but he's worried about mudslides, fires, earthquakes,  and restrictive zoning codes.  Where might he live?
After being stopping being married to someone who takes everything, what are you likely to experience?
What is the biological purpose of eating breakfast?
The farmer was scooping out eyes to plant in the ground, what was he scooping them from?
What does going jogging help prevent?
Where do people eat at dining tables together at work?
Where might a snake hide?
A beaver is taking logs from a Pacific beach, where is it located?
From where do elephants originate?
Music that has been download without paying has been what?
Where is a child likely to put their wagon?
A newspaper is a traditional way of doing what to events?
At a university, what sort of building is likely to be called a hall?
where does a gentleman go to relax?
What could using computer not cause if you are blind?
Jan is a person who works in a zoo and is very well organized.  You might say that he is very what?
If I have to pass through a ticket booth to see a concert, where is the concert?
All avenues should be explored to maintain peace and avoid what?
What is likely the result of unprotected sex?
If air is held down by gravity, what does it usually cover.
He often got thirsty at night and needed a drink, so he always had a night table everywhere he had lived in all his what?
Why was the line formed outside of the hot-dog stand?
Paper work and research is the bulk of a lawyers what?
What does being fat lead a person to want to do in the gym?
The peanuts were being sold at stalls by the ferris wheel, so where were they being sold?
You enter the parking lot of a grocery store from where?
Joe wasn't sure what he was eating, but the taste was awful and bitter.  What might he have been eating.
Where is a tree hugger likely to reside?
If you work out too hard when you are getting in shape, what can this cause?
The person was cold and wet, where should he go?
When a woman is going to have a baby an ultrasound can be used to find out what?
What is a bad but frequent reason for hurting someone else?
What does a person do when they are blocking someone in a driveway?
Where could a gentleman go to other than a theater?
The windshield was mostly for spray, but there was also wind to consider while in the what?
If a person exercised heavily yesterday, what are the likely to do first when they awake?
Where could you find a policeman that is not stopping cars but that is outside?
What workplace employs a large number of writers for a daily publication?
The question the teacher asked was profound, it made all the students stop and what?
The bat was abducted and absconded to top secret government facilities, where did this happen?
Where do audiences cheer for athletes?
The nightclub owner wasn't a very good businessperson, but the club still did well thanks to its prime location where?
Using a television allows you to take in audio as well as what kind of information?
What city is known for amazing pizzerias?
What offers shelter in the woods?
A koala couldn't find it's usual haunts, so it made its home at the top of something else.  Where was the Koala?
If one wishes to dissolve their marriage by getting a divorce, who should one speak with?
Where is a furnace likely at?
What can happen when kissing outside?
He was eating too much while no exercising enough, what did he suffer as a result?
They served wine and cheese after everybody saw the exhibits and installations where?
The man was tired and seeking accommodations, where did he pull into?
Where is a student likely to use a notebook?
The lady responsible for care that shift was not good at her job, she was always what to the needs of the seniors?
If someone is watching the professional Tigers play a game at a baseball field, where are they likely?
In architecture, where are all buildings found?
What does everybody who is lonely buy for company?
How can you stop a dog from biting nearby people?
Linda wanted to talk to someone because she knew that she was doing bad stuff and that talking was the first step to doing what?
Drinking a lot of alcohol leads to what?
What does making grow lead to?
Sam appear calm, but he had been up all night because he was what?
What does a person want  to do to get a promotion at work?
Sam was very orthodox.  This was in opposition to his roommate, who was very what?
I need to string a bass, where should I get the necessary supplies?
Where would you usually keep your personal telephone directory?
Frankie found a bone in her good.  It probably belonged to what?
They medics were frantic and screaming that the patient was losing consciousness, it seemed what was inevitable?
Where are apple trees likely to be solitary?
Where is not likely to have a doormat for wiping feet?
It was finals week and students wanted to be left alone, one put a do not disturb paper sign out in the what?
The small dog always picked up the newspaper from the driveway, where did the dog live?
All the day traders did well on the floor that day, they celebrated at a steak house where?
What is key to a student's ability to learn?
What is the best way to understand a theory better?
People do what in crisis?
Where do students stick gum in school?
I was invited to a party but I'm not a social person, so I decided to do what?
The ECB was focused on fighting inflation without concern for other issues.  This obviously caused what?
Children like to play. They can easily do what?
What could cast a shadow?
If the temperature was really high, what is a likely reason for awaking in the middle of the night and being unable to fall back asleep?
Where can you learn about a ferret with special abilities far beyond normal ferrets?
Where should a small dog sleep if they have trouble peeing indoors?
What does a police car often cause other cars to do?
If you have curiosity about another location what should you do?
What is our sun considered to be the center of?
After coming home from his trip to the west coat, John hung the fox on his wall.  He could do this because the fox was what?
I want some original paintings to put on my wall, where should I go for instpiration?
Where would kids walk to if it hot outside?
If I I see a heifer looking pleased with herself, where might I be?
Remember to pay attention to the lecture so you can do what?
What will happen to you after cleaning house?
If you drink too much liquor you are likely to do what?
Where could you find a jellyfish?
Where is someone likely to run into a wall when trying to leave?
What has happened to ice if it is not ice any more?
The man looked at the beautiful woman and knew that she could never love him after his devastating facial injury, how would he desrcibe his face?
Dogs run around all day, it's a good thing they have what?
After running twenty six miles, what physical feeling is nearly every person likely to feel?
What often has an automated ticket booth?
Where are you not likely to find a bed?
The bull was old, but it still had enough energy to have a lot of sex.  It wasn't what?
antarctic ocean is named after a continent.  What's another ocean that's named after a landmass?
Where can a person purchase grapes?
What can you get after drinking too much alcohol?
The office needed new computers, but it would be quite what to upgrade?
Babies don't make the same noise adults make when applauding, but they still do what when excited?
Where is a white rat likely to be?
Why are there so many different creatures in the oceans?
The student chefs were instructed to start the tacos with the main ingredient, adding it to a hot pan to do what?
Where might a person play an acoustic guitar as they wear headphones and sit in a booth with a window?
What performance is expected of a student in school sessions?
What would you do to a paper before throwing it away?
He just needed a few things from the shopping center, but he could hardly get down an aisle it was so packed with what?
Dogs get hot and tired, then they like to sloppily do what?
Where would you find a jellyfish that has not been captured?
Where might a vacuum be stored?
Where is a stool likely to be found?
The buffalo was hunted until it was scare, but after much effort and many years they are now what again?
The teacher explained that this topic would be on the test, so everything they were learning that day was what?
What would a father feel after he learned the man charged with killing people was being let free and justice was not served?
What is the place teenagers hate to go to most but have the most incentive to attend?
Why are there different kinds of dogs?
The agricultural specialist walked from row to row, so where was he likely?
Where is the world's most famous horse race?
What is the opposite of ambiguous?
What is kissing often described as?
If you are to play Monopoly it is over when one person has done what?
What do children like to do in the car?
What do you buy new cups for when you move in the city?
John did not abandon his son, but instead did what to him?
There are many cottages where James lives. He likes drawing pictures of those cottages and the people who live in them. When he's finished with one, he shows it to the others. This type of place is called what?
Why  would a person stop buying products?
Where might one be unrestricted on a superhighway?
Laddie owned a dentist office.  It was the only dentist office in the area.  Where might Laddie live?
What is a food that a child wouldn't want to have?
What might help if my dog wants a drink but his bowl is empty?
The round piece of road did well to slow down traffic versus the long what to a stop?
Some people believe that giving assistance to those in need will remove their ability to assist themselves, building what?
The difficulty of life was killing him, so what did he decide to do?
WHat is the most fun way to get in shape?
When you are asleep at night and dreaming about monsters what are they?
Where would you keep canned vegetables such as carrots over the winter?
Where is the best place to get furniture from?
What item does the fork belong on?
What does drinking water effect in most humans?
What does our president always get in?
Where would you go if you need a fiddle?
Where did the kidnappers take the sloth from?
The man woke up with a hangover and broken nose, it seemed he decided to get drunk and what?
If a person want a changing society, what is a likely motive?
If I am reading a letter and want to find an illogically spelled word, what might I look for?
Why would you want to be using computer?
I really want a keyboard instrument, where should I go to try some out?
What are people in a library likely doing?
What is the usual reason people enjoy playing games?
The women decided it was time to talk about the issue, they were tired of staying and what?
Where  is a mirror usually long?
Where would a bald eagle land?
The student was contemplating the problem, that's when he made the what that led him to the answer?
The astronaut wanted to find the United States from outer space, so where did he aim his spacecraft?
Devil's food is something you can win at what fundraising game popular at churches?
My company's auditors are extremely worried about my practices. Should I care?
Where would you fill a salad bowl with as much as you can eat?
What liquid contains naturally occurring salt?
When a person is convicted of committing murder, what happend to them?
The producer told them to take out the scene with full nudity, this was because PG-13 only allowed for what kind of nudity?
James enjoyed playing chess but he could not beat his best friend.  His  failure to win caused him a great deal of what?
People have to get paid for the job, so the boss does what at the end of the week?
Where would you find a waiting room with only some fathers?
Where could you find a weasel that is not alive?
Where might students need to use pens the most?
What is one of the largest areas with lizards in it?
When one person is agreeing with another, they might say that they existing in what?
Where would rock be found in the desert?
Sarah thought that the movie was entertaining but vapid.   How might Sarah feel about the book?
Where could you find a fortune?
He explained the differences between a town and township, the latter of which were common in which of the fifty?
Climbing is quite a talent, it requires the use of very particular whats?
Sally raked up leaves that had fallen to the ground.  She added them to something.  What did she add them to?
Jerry was too old for this shit.  He was too square, too.  He never did drugs, never drank, but he was in his what?
A person who does good to others garners what pleasing quality in their reputation?
When stressed, what will the result of exercising often be?
When an unpopular change in the way things are done occurs what is the public reaction?
What might a child do with cards?
Where would you be unlikely to see footprints due to the absence of people?
A person wanted to see Prague, so what did he do?
What could happen to garbage after it is put into a landfill?
The target started his car, this did what to the attached device?
Danny noticed a ceramic object on the table and picked a grape out of it.  What might have been on the table?
What might happen after too much drinking?
Customers should always do what if they want to be respected by companies?
What is the opposite of deep?
Where might a snake drop from?
A lot of republics have what from of government?
What eastern U.S. region is know for bbq and not apple trees?
What do you do to an old clock to reset the time?
Where is a place teenagers can go to hear music and be entertained?
The fencing he had worked hard on provided him with what?
How would one describe the effects of a hurricane?
Where would you put refuse if you do not want it to exist any more?
Jane is a pilot.  She recently got a medal and a promotion for her quick thinking when her plane did this.  What might her plane have done?
What would a human experience if they fly off the rails?
Where is not known for apple trees?
Billy wanted to return home, but his mother told him to do what?
Shark tank is a popular reality what?
He had a reputation for causing trouble, even when he was what the teacher kept an eye on him?
John didn't double space or use line breaks.  As a result, it was impossible to make out breaks between his what.
What do people try to avoid?
He didn't believe fate controlled situations, what did he believe people did?
If you are jogging all day what is likely to happen?
Everyone feels a little lost sometimes, they just need someone to listen and to be what?
What is someone likely to experience after hurting someone else even if they are not caught?
Why might some graduates choose not to be attending school later in life?
Where is tin stored forever?
The couple had been copulating seemingly non stop, eventually they finally had a what?
If you choose to fly in an airplane, it normally means you have to?
Where is not likely to organize with a card catalog?
What might a person be if they watch a horror movie?
Where can a child learn about the adventures of a talking monkey?
100 centavos make a?
His mother took his schooling very seriously and wanted to be the president of what group?
What could a fan watch?
Billy didn't make change for John, in spite of the resolution,  because John used his phone instead of what?
Where would you see footprints that happen due to the formation of an impression?
Where can many a soup be purchased?
After working overtime and double shifts he was cashing in, that weekend he would celebrate and relax with some unhealthy what?
A person made coffee using hot water and coffee grounds, now where should he pour it?
What is another name for eatery?
Where does illness happen?
Being used to the lack of diversity in the suburbs, what shocked the new world traveler about the kinds of food there were?
The rotor was very loud and moved a lot of air, but it was how the what was able to lift straight up?
The artist felt creating art was more than just making a picture, he felt his work had to evoke what?
The drive was full of obstacles, he really had to what?
James was hiking through a desert when he looked up and saw some birds above him.  Where might the birds have been?
Despite numerous bad public reviews the expert found the product to be what?
If I'm on the water after an earthquake, what should I be on the look out for?
What do millenials do when they experience boredom?
The company printer was out of paper, so the IT guy went and got another what?
What happens to people over time?
The father was sick of his lazy son, what did he encourage in him from there on out?
Where would you find a basement with children playing in it?
If you're not staying, where would you keep your shirt?
What is the furthest emotion away from unhappy?
What is it called when you spend time with friends and acquaintances?
Where could you find an actual weasel?
What will always happen after taking phone call?
What results from good sex?
Grooming ones self is know to increase this, by generally increasing self-esteem?
James bought an ipod so that he could listen to music.  It was delicate electronics, so he didn't plan to take it where?
Where is someone looking for a job likely to find a computer?
Where does a bald eagle like to fly?
The computer stopped working, even though John tried his best. What happened to it?
What can be the result of too much lunch too often?
Susan was attending a meeting of the KKK, even though she did not believe in their cause.  Why might she have been doing so?
Where is a fireplace likely to be a heat source?
If I needed help with answering questions, what would help me?
While he was falling into a pile of broken glass, what did he fear?
Silk is used to make high quality what?
Even when one of the slaves dropped dead on the line the rest were forced to keep what?
Why does wood float?
What will children do with dodge balls?
James enjoyed listening to music, especially for rock.  The genre stirred his emotions.  What emotions did it probably stir?
What do animals eat?
Though advertised as pet friendly her new what she was moving to wouldn't allow her small dog?
What kind of water comes from a faucet?
The bald eagle serves as what for America?
She wanted to be a star, so where did she move?
The student sat in the quiet classroom with a piece of paper in front of them, what where they working on?
The child was complaining of boredom, so his dad began to goof around to do what?
He looked at his report card and felt pride, what was accomplished?
Where do people usually feel the most comfortable?
A John is a bum.  Much like the stereotype, he lives near this sort of transportation infrastructure. Where does he live?
Billy was a human being who spent time doing something called a job. Where might a job be done?
How can a person ensure their jewelry is safe in a hotel room?
She needed a new night table, what does she need to visit to get one legally?
What causes people to initially begin flirting?
What is required to go on vacation before anything else?
John wants to buy a writing instrument and paperclips. Where would be go?
Where is likely to have a family owned barber shop?
The teacher was arranging and sorting papers at her desk, needing paper clips she opened up the left what?
Where can you store a book you won't need for a while nearby to fabric items you wear?
How is clothing better after getting in shape?
What becomes wet and dangerous when it rains?
What might a saw be part?
What familiarity would one have for more remembering?
The janitor had to climb high in the rafters of the auditorium, he was replacing the stage whats?
Where is a dish usually used?
What do people like least about farting?
As the counterweight began to rise the elevator began to what into the mine?
If you're standing in queue for something you can't do anything about it, you just what?
Where would you get a chain if you do not have one?
Why is a person eating hamburger that is not cooked likely to become ill?
The people danced to the music, what was the music like for them?
Where is a man likely to keep his sunglasses?
Where could you find more than one ticket office, of different types?
He never used window cleaner on his screen, he had heard it wasn't good for cleaning his computer's what?
What do you do when your friend needs someone to help them move next week?
Who is likely to use a comb?
Where would you put a board game after you finish using it?
The person wanted to share his knowledge, so what did he do?
Finding information requires what other than research materials?
Where would you find a head that does not move?
What can be the result of having an unhealthy lunch?
If a restaurant want to serve spirits appropriately, what does it likely require?
Where would someone find it odd to discover bread?
While working he injured himself, his coworker said he should do what more?
His system wouldn't boot, he decided to buy a whole new one where?
The audience recognized the filming location.  Where might it have been filmed?
The man practiced his communicating skills before the large event, he was new to the city and planned on doing what?
Where might I find a mailbox and also buy stamps?
All the siblings just kept reproducing with their husbands and wives, this led to a what?
What mineral is dug up to smelt in to iron?
In what area is the use of an air conditioner more common?
Where does a marmoset feel safest?
Where can a television be stored and hidden?
Surprising a baby while playing peek-a-boo will cause them to what?
Sam listened for instructions from the ground on the radio.  Where might have Sam been?
My uncle was getting a divorce, where did he leave?
What can be done to ice in order to give it a desired shape?
What does jumping rope make you?
Mold on what will lead to a smelly room?
A person tickling someone else knows they are getting close to a very ticklish spot when they start to hear what sound?
Sarah filled the thing with peanuts.  What did she fill with peanuts?
What would a human do if they want to get to a store that he or she can see?
She found the trend quite odd, but it seemed that this was the new what?
Awaking in the middle of the night may cause what?
What is one word people use to describe puppies?
Old refrigerators can often be stored where when not in use?
WHy do young people like to driving car?
If you must remember facts for a test you must do what while studying?
What do you have to be to run after ball fast?
Why would you like to listen to someone playing violin?
What do parents encourage kids to do when they experience boredom?
Why would someone be unable to walk in a line after getting drunk?
Why do you create art?
They say a person should do what if they want something sweet and healthy?
James wanted to know the truth because questions were weighing on him.  Learning would give him what?
You'll likely have a kitchenette in what place where you sleep away from home?
The hare traveled fast but got cocky, so though the tortoise traveled how it won the race?
Joe began setting the cup on the table after Bill asked him to do what to it?
Attending church and praying are examples of what?
How do people trade for services or goods?
Where can a child go to get in lines with other children?
Why would you go to a bathroom after drinking alcohol?
What would happen if you win after playing a game?
The bird is young and still nesting, what is it likely to do soon?
In a lot of Asian restaurants food is eaten in a?
What is the closest place to eat when you are not out on the town?
John saw a pair of disembodied lips floating towards him.  He was hypnotized by their what?
If someone doesn't want to move where they live they are often said to want to what?
The two were wrestling, having fun and what?
She had taken her ring from her finger and placed it on the windowsill so she wouldn't get it wet while she was in what?
What do people do when they are in a fight?
What can insects jump through?
Too many people driving causes what?
They said they started what at first sight, well before their first kiss?
Where can a child get a wagon?
The extra was told to stop standing in the scene, stating the director's cameras what?
The mother tried to call the babysitter, but the babysitter panicked and did what?
Why are guns not allowed in some areas?
Where do almost all humans live?
What happens to a living thing when tehy have heart problems?
what happens when a train leaves the station?
What kind of life is not acknowledged in the secular world?
John notices that the solution is getting warm.  This is an expected consequence of what?
Billy often eat hamburgers, but he did not always have then with cheese.  Billy are cheeseburgers more often than some people, but less often than others.  You could say that it was something he did only when?
The two conglomerates decided to reach  tentative agreement to what?
Where is dust likely to be under?
If the world is materials, what is it made out of?
His hands were shaking as he was setting cup on table, he was worried he would what the cup if he tried to drink?
What crunchy treat do many people have at a movie theater?
If your payroll tax amount is too much you'll get what from the IRS?
If I am attending a self-help lecture, what am I hoping to accomplish?
Someone who creates art is very?
In his head he was giving an eloquent pick up line, but in reality he was doing what over his words?
What does a human feel when their friends ditch tehm?
Where is all  plumbing found in most houses?
If you tape a television show to watch it again then you what when you watched it the first time?
When a couple is together, what does drinking alcohol lead to?
Where might a large dog live?
Sarah told him to make sure that the bundle was tight. Some fell out because it was what?
What leads a person to check up on someone else when they are working?
Some people just keep on buying things, showing that they have a pathological need to do what?
Cats mark their territories, they do this by a spray they what?
A percussion instrument can be obtained in what sort of place?
If you're waiting for traffic for a long time you might be what arriving to work?
Where do people sit outside on bleachers?
What is a soccer field at a school next to?
What do children like to do on a ranch?
Danny thought that the show was divine.   Lila disagreed.  She didn't think it was bad, but she thought it was what?
When learning language, people often don' t know which word to use, or pick the wrong ones by accident.  This can cause what?
The workers passed through the lobby, what building were they in?
What do you do to weapons when you want to gather them?
He put in a mighty effort to his solution, but a better one was discovered making his what?
James was contemplating the research results.  What was James doing?
How does applying for job while working impact someone?
The young attractive people began drinking alcohol, with their inhibitions lowered it wasn't long before they were what?
Where is a drill not being used likely to be found?
John rushed into his house and threw off his pants. He desperately needed to use which part of the house?
In the children's book the cat was a great knight, it had finished its quest and was returning to the castle to what?
He had a passion for music, he could what all day?
The plants are hungry, what do they need to do for satiation?
Sam thought that James was a native, because of how Lane did what to James?
There is very little original art these days.  How might most art be described?
The human always would have fun making up questions for the A.I. overlords, he found the task quite what?
Where might someone play with a frisbee?
If you order mixed drinks "on the rocks" you will get what in your drink?
Where could you put some olives if you want to cook them?
A european red fox roams in the wild, what side of the earth is it likely on?
What article of apparel or accessory is typically made of felt?
Where would you get a marker if you do not have one?
What are you doing if you are fishing?
Where would you see some civilians standing in a line inside?
What would you use to find out if there will be a cloud in the sky?
Where is a small house likely to have a table?
What's the place every grape wants to go in the end?
Billy took his desk lamp with him wherever he went.  He needed the lighting and didn't trust the lights at what places?
What is the largest state with a coast in the US?
What is best for a rosebush?
Where do animals frolick?
Every dribble echoed loudly, it was part of the experience of playing basketball in an empty what?
Where do people go to gain knowledge?
The crossroads were deserted of traffic, where was it located?
Plenty of love, candy and a small dog always awaited them, so the children always loved visiting where?
A homeless person asked Jim for advice.  Jim wasn't religious, but he told the person something that he remembered.  What might he have told the person?
Where in a kitchen do you keep a cup?
What kind of performance can be viewed on a DVD?
You can buy gum, candy and popcorn before watching what?
His therapist said he had to get out there and begin socialising, it was the only was to start what?
Where would you keep a cardboard box full of car parts?
After someone lives a life what happens?
The ground floor of what structure would contain workers in suits and ties?
Where could you be most likely to find containers with hydrogen?
Billy is an archaeologist. He looks for information about ancient human civilization. What is something that he might enjoy finding?
The man has much to do, but was watching tv, what was he doing?
What does getting in line for a long time require in a person?
What is likely to cause pain when going for a run?
He sat down at the table to play poker, to join the hand he had to what?
What is a marmot likely to be good at finding?
The final boarding group was called, once everybody was in their seat the what could depart?
James looked for an out of the way spot for his new floor lamp. Where might he have put it?
Where would you put a writing instrument if you are a man and want to bring it with you?
Two bookends were on the shelf.  They supported a line of what?
The electricity went out, and people couldn't see during worship, where were they?
Sarah's birds died because she didn't poke holes in the jar and they needed to do what?
Snoopy thought Charlie wanted to play fetch, but Charlie was just treating his pet what for fleas?
What is a great way for teens to build character and pad their resume?
If one is without happiness, what might they not be experiencing and need to do?
Billy needed his hammer, so he looked where?
The young boy was scared to dance, he found a corner of the auditorium and spent the whole evening doing what?
What does a prisoner likely have?
John was 15 and this was the first year he would get to do what?
What is someone likely to experience when having fun?
When you go on vacation what do you have to do with things you want to take with you?
Where do you look to see a meteor?
I want to create something new, what do I need?
Many people take public transportation and can be found waiting where?
The toilet was filthy with overuse and drunken use, where was it located?
What is generally stored in a container can?
A single person is going to a party of other singles, what do they want to do?
They decided to have desert after their meal, they chose chocolate cake from the desert tray at the what?
If you need an item is it a good idea to wait for a sale before what?
Playing basketball through an injury was his only choice, there was no way he was missing the big game so he would just have to ignore the what?
It was a crude building with drafting floors, so all  the friends slept high in lofts while at the remote what?
Joe found that shopping  was dangerous for him.  Even though he had a great job, or maybe because of it, he found himself doing this a great deal. There were always funds left over, but not enough for his taste.  What was he doing when he was shopping?
When talking to someone what should you maintain?
Large trucks can fling rocks on the highway, this can be trouble for cars and their whats?
What does a person begin to do after a deer has eaten their rosebush?
On what would you use a knob to change settings?
What effect did the sun have on the residents inside?
Why would you eat fruit?
How can a company get things to their customers?
John only gave a perfunctory examination of the corpse, though he did everything required of him.  He missed the real cause of death.  He wouldn't have if he had been more what?
What happens to your bladder when you drink a lot of water?
James didn't like communicating with mail.  He didn't like waiting for what?
Buying products is difficult, even impossible, if you experience what?
If you buying a potato, carrots, strawberries and bananas, how would you carry them home?
The condominium has public recreational areas, what was the purpose of these?
Which state still has wild bald eagles?
What do you have to clean up after a party?
Lilly enjoyed watching films before bed. They were her favorite form of what?
The children loved their pet weasel.  The teacher came every weekend to make sure it was fed and watered and exercised.  Children from all over the school came to visit the weasel.  Where did they come?
What is required for an organism to continue living?
The children were making each other laugh, they did this via what?
Where is someone not likely to find a needle?
What falls out of the sky but is generally well received?
Where do you sit in bleachers and watch large men run?
John's took his appointment book with him to a checkup but couldn't find it anywhere. He looked and he looked but he didn't know where it was.  It wasn't until he bought a new one, went home, took a shower that he found it.  Where was it?
Where does a city cat live?
Where do you keep salt when you're about to have a meal?
The woman decided to take a penny from the pot.   Before  her a man decided to do what?
How does the first time having sex feel for a girl?
John goes to the booking office and books a flight to a place that is notoriously foggy, where they like tea, and that is ruled by a Queen.  Where is John going?
On what can you relax in your bedroom other than your bed?
A handsome prince is a stock character common to what?
The child was taken against its will and what the parents?
Where do the people find milk for sale?
Billy set of the chairs on what surface?
When a child reaches thier late teens what happens?
their dad told the kids to play games, he didn't like seeing them all just sitting around looking what?
Sam felt that he only had the power to destroy.  He was scared when he learned that Jane was pregnant.  He was surprised that he could do what?
She felt like she was getting a cold, she was not looking forward to this what?
What type of door are canned good usually kept behind?
What is not a reason that you would want to be going for run?
What is a group of bungalows in a small area?
He couldn't have peanuts or cracker jacks because of his allergies, but he still had fun where?
What is an example of a continent?
While visiting a museum what feeling may you have looking at paintings of pastoral scenes?
Where could you find an organ that cannot be played?
James was a senior. He was looking forward to talking a year off once he was finished.  Where might James be?
Most building are located overground, not?
Where are you if the person next to you has a briefcase and you're accused of a misdeed?
She wasn't just out windows shopping, she was filling up her cart and doing what?
What type of word do you use as a preposition to someone?
What is often stirred up in a person when playing violin?
He lowered and raised the bucket but it was empty, the what had run dry?
The drawing room was a central feature of the palatial estate, where was it located?
He worked in the back unloading large container from delivery trucks, they always had food in them because he worked where?
What would happen to a person if he or she achieved something?
What always happens when you are having lunch?
What is something that studios spend a lot of money on?
Who is someone you might need when you are stopping being married to spouse?
Jim stopped talking phone calls because he didn't want to talk with his family. It was too painful and he felt too much what?
Why do people spend money?
If you're not leaving a home through the window, how would you leave?
What happens when standing in queue?
What city is known for rain?
The air conditioning went out during a film, and the clientele walked out due to discomfort, what were they leaving?
Dan wondered where those ball bearings came from.  Ball bearings are used in what sort of thing?
After the guy is successful in cashing in his check, what does he feel?
One way to please parents is to be able to do this to a house?
What does reading newspapers nowadays lead to?
If I want to buy a lot of crab for dinner what sort of specialty location might I visit?
What would a bird do if it wanted to scoop up more air?
If I have an excess ottoman with no place to put it, where should it go?
The person was glad that his father had helped him.   If his father wasn't there, he'd have been what?
What would a person do if he or she wants to buy something at a store?
She sure didn't have a green thumb, every time she thought she was making grow something it would what?
If you're going out often and talking to a lot of people you have an active what?
The person knew what he had to do to achieve his dreams, so what did he do?
Daryl is 16 years old  and he's on a football team. Where is his team's home football field most likely located?
The fraternity preferred working out at the gymnasium, where was this located?
What is a  good way to eat a potato?
From where do you buy a train ticket in person?
After being in shock, he settle and felt what?
The plastic handle broke away and the hot liquid spilled everywhere when the what hit the ground?
Where would you find fungus in a university?
To go on stage after the audition you could definitely say you what?
All the movies always portray gasoline as the commodity, but he was convinced a garden would be the most valuable in a what?
It was satisfying seeing idea become reality, after years of work he finally could what?
When someone covers wood thinly with gold metal, they have done what to it?
The general apologized for the confusion that led to loss of soldiers' lives. so what was happening that cause the deaths?
Where is an athlete likely to be showcased by local fans?
What is the opposite of dissociate with someone?
What do most people have on their feet?
What state has a city called columbia?
She put on some soft music, she just wanted to do what at the end of the day?
When helping soldiers in the middle of fighting, where do medics practice practice their craft?
Where might someone learn about a piccolo?
What can a police officer do if power is out?
If I am creating art and have completed it to satisfaction, what is my feeling?
Where is a frisbee in play likely to be?
Where is a ball projectile shot out of?
What would a person do if he or she sees his or her friend nearby?
If someone is sitting quietly and biting their nails, what may they be experiencing?
What could there be near an excavation site?
Where would you eat lots of fried foods on a stick?
After four long years he would no longer be a student, what had he been able to do?
Sarah was sensitive to sunlight, so she wore thick sunscreen to make herself waht?
Where would be the most likely place to find gamblers?
What is a person dressed as a clown hoping to accomplish?
If someone needs to eat what should they be doing?
Being in love, John and Betty did what when they were alone together?
The banana was green and full of sugar.   Bart took a bite and immediately felt what?
The meat was ready to cook, it needed to go in where for at least four hours?
John finds that understanding the people around him better leads to deeper what?
The person was thirsty, what should he have done?
He called his friend to go fishing, but his friend surprised him by saying he was already out there what?
His hair was getting long enough that it could be put in a ponytail, so he headed to this place to have what happen?
Where do salmon fish spawn?
Where is a ring binder likely to contain budgets?
John left his plates secure in his belief that someone else would get it and went out with a full belly.  Where was john eating?
The bookend was on a shelf in what location?
Sally had two dogs, so he put newspaper somewhere.  Where did he put it?
A squirrel will run across what to get from one gutter to another?
John wanted to take pictures of wild gazelle. Where might he go to find one?
There was a bacteria scare, so bleach was added to the well what?
The sloth heard portuguese being spoken nearby and cowered, where was the sloth?
Sam was a sound engineer.  He was good at the job, because sound was how he understood the world.   What might Sam have lacked?
When you're away on a business trip where can you take a bath?
After walking a dog for a long time what do you have?
If a person wanted to become a good writer what should they do in college?
Sam was a short distance runner. He couldn't do long distances.  What might happen if he tried long distances?
The person was exposed as a liar, so what happened as a result?
What is the main goal of work outside of the home?
What collection of writing would you be able to look up what a sloth is?
He was looking at the price of ink, it seemed buying a whole new printer was more cost effective for his what?
The birds were looking around in August, what were they looking to do?
If a person wants to make sure their lemonade is the most refreshing, where might they store it?
What is the least aggressive way to show anger?
Where would someone be likely to see a moving airplane?
He grew tired of standing in the kitchen his whole shift, where was he?
A person who is well off is said to be what?
What is rain a type of?
John wrote a religions tract and decided to give them away.  He felt that he should go somewhere where he could reach a large and diverse group from many places.  Where is he likely to distribute his tracts?
He borrowed a metal detector to try to find his ring that he what while pulling weeds?
What always happens after drinking alcohol?
Where might a conductor flail his arms in the air while he faces people?
What kind of facial expression would the audience have if they liked watching someone perform?
What could happen after going to bed that could be either good or bad?
What might someone not wanting to have someone talking to them have to a talkative person.?
Committing the murder wore on the man, because of his what he swore he could still hear the man's heart beating?
In many species of animal the whats are the dominate ones?
Where could you find a broken keyboard?
A computer can process information and even choose, but it can't do what?
James looked for koalas, but misunderstood and went to the wrong environment.  Where is it impossible to find koalas?
You keep things you eat that do not need to be kept cold on a shelf inside of what?
The child had learned music by ear, he had never even seen it what?
His shot was bad and he found himself stabbing to death the buck, it was what everywhere?
Why do parents encourage their kids to play baseball?
The bungalow overlooked a sidewalk and welcomed spontaneous interaction, where was it located?
If someone has a head they will also have the ability to what?
Because of foot rails coming loose, he always kept a screwdriver behind the what?
Where is a good place to keep a saucer you don't use but want to look at?
What are you hoping will happen when talking?
What is the first thing a farmer must do to start a crop?
The general saw that by taking the hill, he was reaching advantage, what was the likely result of such a move?
What is a genius likely to be in all subjects?
The potato was sliced and  fried by the cook, what was he looking to make?
What is a very happy person likely to have?
She had finally saved enough spending money to buy exactly what her goal was, it gave her great what?
The bathroom was dirty and messy.  It was cleaned every day, but it was always full of water and pee by morning.  Where is the bathroom located?
What does an ugly girl want to become?
He was the victim of a random punching, what did he find on his body?
If somebody wanted to start a garden they would put seeds in the ground, then watering them would be making grow what?
The guide told them to be very safe in this section, the bears in this are were very what?
Where would a specific place for a delicatessen be?
Video games can be quite fun and entertaining, but some are actual good for kids and what?
Where do plants usually start?
Man is reading the bible before talking to a priest, what is he likely to do?
What does a child do after the summer is over?
What is a northern country where one might find a bald eagle preserve?
John's know that friends didn't respect him. Every day he suffered what at their hands?
HOw do you describe a bad real estate agent?
A hurricane can create what when it plows through a city?
Other than a refrigerator or a market where would you find fish?
Where will you find an automobile that has broken down?
James hates his rug but his wife insisted he display it.  As a compromise, he put it under something. What might have he put it under?
If there is a pond with tall building around it, where is it unlikely to be?
The host lit up as the doorbell finally rang, he was to obviously what?
Where can you visit hundreds of dentist?
What kind of performance has lions and elephants and acrobats?
What happens when you eat hamburger too fast without swallowing?
James loved violence and used it all the time.  But he changed his tune when it was him that it was what?
Some envy children's bliss, meanwhile some children wish they were what so they could do anything they want?
Where do spirits haunt outside?
What is the opposite of what will happen if you're lying constantly?
Applying for job after job is part of the grind, but when no calls come back it can lead to what?
You can use a stick to swat at what growing in a field?
Where would computers be used for sorting?
A lot of people play the fiddle in what state which comes first alphabetically?
HOw do you ask someone to entertain you ?
What may your feet experience if you're standing in line for hours?
What kind of area does a cat typically enjoy?
Where could you find a pit that is burned?
What do eating hamburgers in excess lead to long term?
John wanted to get grapes so he went where?
The racers were about to compete, the referee told them to all line up at the what?
If you get your paper back marked with corrections, where are you?
Where are you likely to see many stars?
Where do you use a ball for exercise?
If you have beans while eating breakfast you may experience what?
What is the last thing to do when replying to something?
Sarah didn't want to do bad, but she felt she didn't have what?
Sam lives in a ranch house, which is a bit of a sterotype where he lives.  Everyone from out of state thinks he's a cowboy.  Where might he live?
She was going to bed at 11 at night, what was she looking to do?
Where are you likely to receive mouthwash in a little paper cup?
Where might someone need a small table?
Where is the flu likely to result in illness?
The little girl smiled and pointed out the big what?
He lit another candle in the Menorah, everybody at the what watched?
Why would someone be playing basketball?
What could have millions of revolving door?
A business on the 110th floor is in what kind of structure?
Bald eagles can be spotted more often in the northern versus the southern reaches of what range?
What is a type of hill?
What  is likely to happen to ice in the sun?
Where do executives sit on the top floor?
When people social at a bar, the bartender will often do what to the cocktails they serve?
Where is likely a safe place to keep money?
What is a sheep called during its first year of life?
What happens to people, including their stomach, if they do not eat enough food?
When you tie a bow, how is it tied?
What is likely to be a heat source in a log cabin?
He always wanted a man cave, but with the sofa bed it doubled as a guest room down in the what?
What do athletes do?
Where would you grab an object contained by a doorway?
Studying requires using multiple sources to do what that allows you to complete the project?
When people own restaurants, what are they doing?
Where would you see a conductor and performers singing in German?
Her and her harp took center stage, it would be her first performance where?
Running is a great workout, it really works up a what?
Birds are animals that do a lot of what?
Why do you need faith in religion?
This is probably too shallow for a canoe.  What is this?
The tickets were supposed to arrive by 1AM, but Sally had been standing in queue for the concert since midnight and it was now 2AM and the line hadn't moved.  Why was this?
She was famous for her needlepoint, this one was going to be round so she grabbed her round wooden what?
He had to climb a ladder and get through a lot of dust to find the family photos up where?
Having lunch seemed like the logically thing to do, this was because he was feeling what?
What form of alcohol is made from grapes?
Where would you be able to hear a bassoon played in a very pleasing fashion?
Randy was not doing housework.   His wife was raising two children, and this only increased her workload. It put her under a lot of stress.  What might this lead to?
Where is someone likely to purchase a double edged razor?
If you spend most of your time resting you may be what?
where do you go to see most statues?
What does someone say when they tell you to go to sleep?
He won a prize for hitting bottle, he had very good what?
Where would art books likely to be found on a shelf or two?
Billy put the product on display.  He thought that he was a great attraction that would bring people where?
If it isn't on the ground where is a lizard likely to be found?
What is learning about the world and good in it likely to cause?
Where would you put condiments to stop them from combining with other condiments?
What is ti called when people at work get together to exchange information?
Where did many municipalities have their cemetery?
How are people typically positioned in an interview?
What can you store silicone in?
Recording somethign on an old answering machine required you to put what inside of it?
At the casino I end up playing cards, what is a reason I would do this?
What is likely to be the feeling of someone who does not feel they have been empowered?
If you hit a person with a stick, it is likely that they will do what?
A human wants to go shopping in a dense urban area.  Where might be a good place for a person to go shopping?
Sarah was contemplating her fate.  She didn't  know what Dane had planned for her, but she knew that when something happened she couldn't do what?
Why do some people quit work and go back to school for?
Josh loved to learn.  Because of that, his mother put in effort to do what to him?
James was a stranger to them, but to me he was what?
What does an animal do when it becomes old?
What would easily hide a snake?
She was always falling on the ice in comical ways,  what was she growing sick of?
Lighting a match in a dark tunnel is most likely for what?
I have a lot of money and a need to visit a desert, where is my likely destination?
A person is cold, how can the fire help them.
The matter in side a can of soda is in what state?
Lawyers often lease where?
An employer would prefer your planning vacation take place during what?
John wanted to clean the mold out of his house.  Where might he check for mold?
They were having an affair. They didn't really care that it would harm his wife.  All they  cared about was their what?
James didn't know what drugs he did.  They were being passed around and he just took one.  It was the last time he would go to such a wild what?
What kind of heart test might you have while having a check up?
The man enjoyed sitting quietly by himself, he felt it helped him come up with his best what about things?
Studying is the most effective what to get what?
What is a portable light source called?
She had an alacrity for anything life threw her way, but when it came to relationships she had some what?
You need a sharp blade to cut through a piece of?
How should a person's health improve after getting in shape?
Teddy liked learning languages.  He helped him with what?
A person might have their right-hand man, they could also be referred to as what digit?
What is a wonderful place to get a cat?
What is the worst result of smoking?
The non slip mat was designed to be soft and collect water, there were two of them in the what?
Where will you find more than one door?
Seeing old things made him what to explore more, it made him very what?
The ficus tree isn't native to the state of actors and surfers but you can find them where?
When love is not reciprocated, what are the feelings that are involved?
Where are people usually most comfortable?
If you're telling many people about tasks you perform you have what?
Billy owned the finest clothing store in the midwest.  Where might Billy live?
The water was transferred with the fish in it, where did the fish end up?
Where would you put some pennies that you plan to use soon?
What are cats that have found sunlight likely to do?
Where does someone convicted of a petty crime likely spend time?
The person worked hard and achieved his goals and got to feel what?
When someone is watching a film that is a documentary, what are they hoping to gain?
If geese are invading a secure installation from where will they be spotted first?
Where do you keep a credit card?
After being shipwrecked, Robinson relied on the huge tree to do what?
Lance was a hothead, but he was getting better.  He removed himself from the situation and spent some time cooling off.  He didn't need what?
His outward demeanor was one of appearing lazy, but his imagination was what?
Where can humans have a cup of coffee or a sandwich?
He always had an excuse for why he didn't eat more vegetables, he claimed with baked potatoes he didn't know how to what them?
If a city has a courthouse, what is it considered a government seat of?
What are plants made out of?
Where would you be unlikely to find bugs?
The bird flies up in what?
If you're skiing without warm clothes you're likely to experience what?
Where might someone keep personal soap?
There's many places such as clerks, businesses, and more that a human can visit in a what?
A person wanted a seafood dinner, so what did he decide to do?
A teenager that is playing a trumpet might be part of what group?
If a lantern is not for sale, where is it likely to be?
What might cause someone to stop driving a car?
A skill he has was being able to string bass, what else could he likely do?
Where can a human find dive in chlorinated dihydrogen monoxide?
You want a real estate agent that is straight forward with you, the last thing you want is for them to what a house's quality?
The vacation price included the hotel and meals, that's why he picked this particular what?
What does giving assistance give to someone?
The revolving door had an emergency security lock because of all the money where?
A person needing to rest often is often a sign of what?
Where can someone find the freshest green beans?
Which way is the pacific ocean from Nevada?
John was very slow.  His bosses thought that he could be ore what?
Sarah was eating a hamburger.  She seemed to be okay.  She looked like she was doing what?
John loved talking to people about their feelings. He felt that this gave him something about them. What might it give him?
The brothers were punching angrily, why would they do that?
WHat is the size of the school cafeteria?
He was eating too much cabbage and broccoli, what did eh suffer from as a result?
Where is someone likely to watch a show from a balcony?
The hot weather gave me a heatstroke, what did I need to do immediately to stay alive?
The pencil  fell to the floor.  John picked it up and put it back where it was.  Where did john put it?
Where can you find a few hundred or thousand apartment?
Jane was doing housework and started sneezing when she used a cleaning agent, what did the cleaner cause in her?
The telephone is a way to connect what people?
A weasel is cursed by a witch, where is the weasel stuck?
What's one characteristic that separates a person from a stuffed dummy?
What is a business leader likely to be in charge of?
When someone is shopping for clothes at a store, where can they try them on and check themselves out in a mirror?
What is a leaf pulled off of?
Many prison movies take place at what famous prison?
where is a good place to get fresh wood?
He was eating a roast beef sandwich on his sofa bed and spilled what spicy spicy sauce on it?
Everything is bigger at a steak house where?
Bill would not allow Sam to built a new addition.  Sam protested that the construction was what?
Some people are morning people, others don't get going until after lunch in the what?
What does a person typically do when he is in a relationship?
Bobby noticed that the silverware was plastic.  This was a turn off for him because it was so cheap.  Where might he have been?
James was a weasel.  He lived in a warm place where he was surrounded by children.  Glass separated him from the  outside world.  He rested comfortably in his what?
When giving assistance to family members in need you may feel what?
People went out drinking and threw bottles in the grass.  For that reason, there was a lot of broken glass where?
Mercury building up in the bodies of certain fish can make them what?
Sam is getting something that he doesn't want.  What is he getting?
Where is cheese likely to be dangerous for some creatures?
Why would you try to stop someone from playing violin?
What group is likely to contain a human weasel?
They were trying to explain why the defendant was guilty of obstructing justice, it was their job as the what?
Where would you get a washcloth if you do not have one?
The host of the party spent most of her time at the front door so she could what?
He was on his first long haul and had gotten lost, he made sure to buy a map when he came across a what to stop at?
Light is what when trying to read?
Driving drunk is very stupid, it can even end up what?
He was excitedly making bread with his sourdough starter, he watched intently as it began to rise inside the where?
The foreman told the new worker to stop standing in the way and to do what in regards to the dangerous equipment?
What might you feel if you're meeting a friend you haven't seen in a long time?
The company didn't have much manufacturing costs, because they used what?
If you wanted to confirm information that you had, you would do what to someone?
What bounds a book?
What may you experience after listening to a boring talk for a long time?
What would happen to airplanes before they start falling down?
They say America is a melting pot, this is because the people are all what?
What would you need for running in the Olympics but not for running outside?
What carries blood toward the heart?
The kids ate crackers as the played on the floor, afterwards their mother had to vacuum up all the what?
If I want more light sources while I am awake at night, where should I install them?
What is used to make beans into a drink?
Where is there usually more than one telephone?
What happens to someone wading while fishing?
Residents socialized, played dice, and people smoked all at the busy landing of the what?
Why would a person take drugs?
What do you see for entertainment on a screen?
Where are you if you have to order a cup of coffee?
The cows were being judged, where were they?
What would you put a spoon into after you finish eating?
After performing many physical tasks what will you likely experience?
The fox  wants to hide, where does it go?
What are the problems of eating and not exercising?
If you're look at a black and white photograph that isn't recent it is likely what?
A child can enjoy stories about a talking beaver in what communication item?
What is person probably feeling that plans on stopping being married to their spouse?
Where are old pictures kept?
Where might someone fall on ice?
John was cleaning out the old house.  while there was nothing upstairs, he found a bunch of old stuff somewhere else.  Where did he find stuff?
Where would a man carry a dollar bill?
Where is a blanket useful to cover a horse?
The best thing a person can do for their health is to exercise and what?
If you pour out garbage waste on the road to where will it wash away?
What is smaller than a country but larger than a city?
The professor spoke in a reserved, conservative, and laconic tone, what kind of language was he avoiding?A
Joe found that he was stabbing a man to death.  He didn't expect to be doing that, he was just angry. He was scared of the consequences  Thecollapsed covered with what?
Where is a good place to store a frying pan?
The child really enjoyed the movie, while she liked lady her brother liked who?
What happens when people touch a hot stove?
When you dont have a car you take the bus to?
where do you use medical instruments primarily?
There are usually seats behind a scoreboard in what place where you play an indoor sport?
A shelf holding things you eat that need to be kept cold would be inside what?
You might hear someone say árbol de manzana instead of apple tree where?
If you bring home fish what food could you make?
Where is a snake not likely to go?
What happens when people sucessfully learn a lesson?
Where can you buy a letter opener along with high quality writing instruments?
The companies had been working well together, so they decided to extend their working what?
Debbie doesn't want a plain dress, she wants something unusual and attention-getting.  What would be a good adjective to describe the sort of dress she wants?
What can you gain when reading a book about something you have little knowledge in?
Her child was in a competition and she couldn't relax, he friend told her to what?
What room has coffee tables?
How does the fur of a puppy feel after it takes a bath?
The wine cellar needed a consistently cool and dark place, where should it be built?
The cats hovered by the exit ready to what?
The teen had bad posture, he never stood what?
Where is likely to have a popular delicatessen?
The archaeologist was seeing artifacts that he knew were fake, how did he feel?
The construction manager was communicating to the concerned financiers of the building, what was he briefing them on?
Where would you get a mailbox if you do not have one?
What is a flirty person known for?
People can get junk food and play games during what?
What plastic item can you store dairy in?
Where is somewhere you stop to go to the bathroom when on the road?
They would strike at night, the order to rise was given when?
If one wants to breathe while they sleep, air needs to be inside of what?
A steak house was looking for a quaint place to operate, where did they open?
Sarah pressed the button on the handle and took a sip.  What is she using?
Billy couldn't get the hang of riding a horse.  He didn't like going fast because it made him feel something.  What did it make him feel?
What might someone be doing that committing perjury would result in jail time?
Where would you borrow coffee if you do not have any?
What kind of box does a fish live in?
If someone is fiddling with something what skill do they likely have?
He remembered his family road trips fondly, sitting in the back seat of the what and staring out the window?
Why wouldn't someone want to work in an office?
The patient was getting healthier, the doctor said to start jogging to cause a what?
How can I make time to exercise?
If I am a spectator at a movie theater, what am I likely watching?
What would people do if they want to have fun?
where do you use a tourniquet temporarily?
Where is generally a good place to store papers?
What could a machine help you with if you need some food?
What would you do with your plumbing to a plumber if it is broken?
What will happen immediately after eating?
What holds a lit cigarette when no one is around?
Where might I re-home a well loved piece of furniture from college days?
Joe is a philosopher who spends his day listening to music. He finds that it evokes a mental state that opens his thoughts and brings him closer to obtaining what?
Where is a human likely to be when entering a condo?
The dog liked to be pet, especially on his floppy what?
Where do people keep a rubber for sex?
After becoming inebriated, she laid down on a bench, what happened afterwards?
Where in America is known for theaters?
John doesn't understand triangles, but that's why he's taking the class on what?
What drops from clouds on a warm day?
On an average day, going to work could make you feel like what?
If you're experiencing being cold, what is your goal likely to be?
Why does someone need to be doing housework themselves?
When someone points their transistor radio to the sky, what are they hoping to hear transmissions from?
If you have a small dog you can have it ride in what instead of walking?
Where might an American weasel live?
Sarah expected to a fortune on her new business.  However, she ended up going broke because no one could get money to buy.  What might her business have been?
If you're bored sitting at a friends home what should you do?
What could you do to make money?
The man is drunk what does he do after the bar closes?
Sam was picked up a group of travelers. They told him that they wanted to see the countryside.  Where might the travelers be going?
If someone committed perjury, but the evidence was taken illegally, what might happen?
In order to ensure accuracey when you write a term paper what must you do?
Where could you find some plumbing that would be able to help you if you are thirsty?
what might an intelligent person do?
The man's goals were noble, but his methods were what?
If I need to use a paper clip to hold medical papers together, where would I be?
The people had destroyed his family, he was now killing people with what?
He had been lying to many people, the lies caused problems and left him what?
Billy was happy that you improved yourself.  He invited you to do what?
The ceiling was soggy.  This suggested that the roof had what?
Where would you go if you need an armchair?
Where is the source of this steak house kobe?
What is likely the mood of those going to a party?
Why does someone want to get in shape?
They made a mess eating on the sofa bed, they dripped a tangy what sauce all over it?
What does committing murder lead to in teh family of the murdered?
If you are drowning and people think you may not live they will be convinced otherwise when you start doing what again?
The cow farm was free range, it provided all the quality meat to t he bay area of where?
He had decent disdain for the pop band, but that wasn't going to stop him from taking his daughter to see them because she absolutely what them?
What do you do after you reproduce?
Joe stood in the balcony and watched the Mardi Gras parade go by.  Where is he most likely to be?
Where can a talking bee be found?
What state is likely to have a county highway?
Where can someone keep a small clock?
The statistician looked at the attribute but wanted more information, what did he want?
What kind of tour is someone likely to see the eiffel tower on?
Where would a bathroom towel be found?
The herding dog had ample room to run and play, he loved it at the what?
What is likely long on a cat?
When Catholic people experience stress, what do they do?
You would hold what tool used to make plants wet by a handle?
Where would you find a loose feather in your pet's home?
Why is eating breakfast the best meal of the day?
Who can have the most influence on washington from a given county?
Where is someone likely to get cold on a balcony?
What is the outcome when two people are competing against each other?
Why can drinking alcohol cause a car crash?
John bought a new bookend for a shelf, but he was frustrated because he forgot that they were supposed to come in what?
There would be over a hundred thousand people at the football field that weekend, it was the most popular spot on the what?
He had done wrong, he felt everybody judging him and began what?
Indian restaurants can be found in many of these throughout the world. What are they?
If a person works hard how is their situation improved?
Which lawn do people not care about as much since people don't see it?
What is a place that usually has a pillow but that you might not be able to see the pillow depending on where you are in it?
What might a gentleman own and go inside of?
Dogs are omnivores which mean they consume plants and what?
He was an expert in hieroglyphics, can you tell me the location of his excavation?
When you fight inflation you expect to see what at stores?
From where does a mother read a story to their child?
If you're spending too much time intensely jogging what can happen?
Where could you find out about a cow that does not exist?
Where can someone get information in audio?
When seeing people play a game and your team is loosing what might you feel?
Young Timmy had a weak arm and could never quite land the newspaper all the way up on my what?
After taking measurements with an armband, the doctor recommended medicine for what purpose?
Where could there be a battle that is not real?
If you need more information on a subject you can read books to what?
John's kitchen sink was clogged.  He had other sinks, though, and ended up washing dishes where?
John kept his right hand on the wall, knowing that it's the simplest way to keep from backtracking.  Where is John?
Billy's oven was broken so he couldn't cook.  His microwave was also not working, so he couldn't use it, either.  Billy needed money so that he could do what?
The bachelor didn't bother cleaning his sink, where was the unfortunate sink located?
Where would you sit in a waiting room before getting an x-ray of your jaw?
After a long night out the drunken man lost consciousness, he showed a sign of sickness right before passing out, what was it?
Where are people likely to live in small areas?
James's parents felt that he was wasting his money, but they still let him put a coin where every weekend?
John lost his screwdriver and cannot find it.  Where would he take his lawnmower?
As the girl didn't care for the bunny, what did it suffer from?
The mosquitoes were about to be crushed by a fly swatter, what would they do to survive?
What might happen to an outfit that cleaning clothes would be useless?
What could a dog get completely dirty?
The man was getting drunk, his stride was struggling and he was what?
What do you feel for a someone when you comfort friend?
Where would you find people who aren't related by blood calling each other brother?
Where are boxes of products stored?
The Canadian was travelling, he visited where in the southwest?
What garment popular with the flappers of the 1920's has thin shoulder straps?
Where can you buy guns for hunting?
What is a fairly new way to access information?
Snakes have many things what are they most likely to have when you find their home?
If I program a computer to think autonomously, what can it theoretically do?
Joe and Jim were running errands together.  They had a lot to do and very little time to do it, so they experienced a lot of what?
What sort of organization do employees usually work for?
What could be used to write with a steel pen?
Remembering facts is how you demonstrate what when taking a test?
The man wanted a new ottoman, so where did he look?
A person who yawns and paces to help pass the time is likely feeling what?
Where could you put some knives if you are planning to bring them outside with you?
Where would a person put an automobile when not using it?
There's few places where a skyscraper just blends in, a panorama of what dense island is one of them?
The man measured from each edge, he was trying to find the dead what?
Outside of a zoo where are you likely to find a marmoset?
A cemetery surrounded by many houses and businesses is located in what area?
Where would you get marble if you do not have any?
If you are going to market you will need to do what to get there?
I had to go somewhere involuntarily is the same as?
When does someone have to go to someone else for finding information about their adopted parents?
In what glove-shaped state can you get something to eat at a delicatessen?
This was the high jumper's second and final attempt, he was doing what to break a record?
What will you accomplish by standing in line?
Where should you not drink water from?
Where is an active solider likely to sleep?
Where is a jellyfish not likely to be?
Dying due to suffocation means you have what?
Where could you most easily find a pilot?
If people are competing for resources what emotional state are they likely to experience?
Jane bought a bag of marbles.  Where did she keep them?
When would you want to have food?
Bill is setting his cup on a table.  He puts a napkin under it to avoid leaving what?
Many different materials are needed to make what dwelling for people?
What city in a North American Country, that isn't the United States, would you expect to find a good french restaurant?
Getting wet means you are what?
What do you take out of the fish before service a filet??
Why would a person drop out of school?
Where does water in the sky come from?
Garry felt like he could eat a whole cow, he didn't care.  Where might he go?
What often happens to students faces when learning about science?
What will you do after winning a race?
When looking for a non perishable food in your house, you'll often go look in the?
Where do captured elephants live?
The man came home from traveling, where did he put his luggage?
Where can someone find many a finger?
Where are you If you're on a road that passes a group of residences, stores, and other public buildings?
Where should a ventilation system be closed?
Grapes are often grown in what sort of location in order to produce a beverage that impairs the senses when inbibed?
What is the best way to release energy?
Hunger is an effective motivator for what?
What will friends in elementary school likely do?
The athlete needed cooling off, but after ten seconds in an ice bath he had the whats?
Where does an audience of a broadway show clap?
Danny was young human.  He didn't have a job. Instead he went where?
The man spent big money and time maintaining his lawn, it was part of keeping up with the Joneses where?
What do waitresses refill?
Where would a marmoset be out of place?
Where would children go to learn?
You want strong steel cable in your what if you're going to be off road driving?
The mat was non slip, it was also picked to match the colors of everything else in the what?
The power went out, so why did the family use a candle?
After building his fire, the camper tried washing his hands, what was the immediate result?
The munitions were loaded onto the launch platform, where were they?
When people are overly drunk how do the seem to others?
Where could a restaurant be located that would allow someone to sleep there?
How do most companies communicate advertisements directly to consumers?
What happens to water in a leaky faucet?
am was a pretty bad neighbour.  He was annoying, and considered to be a what?
Each little cough and noise was amplified during the what of the softly hummed hymn?
James and Judy are preparing to copulate.  In order to ensure that things go smoothly, they engage in foreplay.  What might they start by doing?
The religious community was having a bake sale, it took place in the basement of the what?
All that was left to purchase was a bass drum, what would he have as a result?
Seeing how old things created so long ago is likely to cause?
What do dogs like to eat?
Sam went climbing but wasn't good at it. He was nimble and had what?
Where could you find a passageway with many people in it?
Some people fart playfully in order to get what?
What do people do with the old song about twisting?
What is a trait of a bright green ficus?
When you meet interesting people your contacts list is likely to do what?
Climbing a hill can give you a good way to survey what?
Where could you find 10 or 100 home that are attached together?
Where do people compete to see who is quicker?
She had a problem that she would always spend money, her favorite hobby was to what?
Sarah loved riding horse but she was having pain in his legs because of it. She was experiencing what sesation?
If a person pics at their skin what will they have?
What part of dogs can you see?
Which athletic competitions have the most excitement?
Where do humans go in cities to be in nature?
What will happen to the animal if it doesn't eat?
Why is a husband looking at apartments after communicating with his wife when they are tired?
John didn't know why it was called blowing. You didn't blow.  There was no blowing.  What was done instead of blowing?
John lived in a small island surrounded by flowing liquid H2O   Where might he live?
What can occur in fencing if you are not careful?
What are you consuming if you are listening to music?
Jo is the leader of a military force,  he issues commands to his people in order to win what?
What do people do when they are caught in severe weather and lose their balance while traveling?
Where do young people have to follow the rules during the day?
What can an injury happen to?
There are different kinds of Meningitis, but it is an illness that affects the what?
How could you find out if someone tried committing suicide?
Where could a pilot go after he or she is finished working?
I was at the swimming pool with other people focused on exercise, where was I?
Her air conditioner was broken she explained, no matter how low she set the dial it always blew what?
California is known for sunshine and what theme park?
Where would a person blush or put his head down after shutting a door loudly?
What should you do when you need to raise your body temperature when it is chilly at night outdoors?
John had his appointment book with him when he got a medical checkup but he lost it somewhere.  He doesn't want to bother looking for it, so where would he go to get a new one?
What room could you put a side chair to help putting on or taking off shoes?
What will happen after you hear thunder?
Where could you keep you stamps while traveling?
Why might someone decide on going to bed?
Where would i likely find shirts with my favorite team's logo on it?
The four equal sides were all a smooth surface, he had carved and sanded a perfect what?
Sam didn't want to do it because he felt that it was nonessential.  But Joe insisted, because he believed that it was what?
Faith in a high power is said to provide solace in times of what?
Many powers that be are fighting inflation to avoid what?
What does the best horse in the world win?
Where would you normally apply sunblock to protect bare skin from sunshine?
How do you feel if you overindulge when eating breakfast?
What happened to the boy to make him cry?
What does a person want at work?
What is a child going to play likely to feel?
Placing a potato where can cause an explosion?
Bob doesn't want to buy a plain stereo system. He wants something studio quality, with all of the what?
What would you need to do to live life?
Her first job was when she used to wait tables, she reminisced about the simple task of having to what?
Someone probably used more than one horse to make one of these?
The prisoners often grouped to play cards, it was one of the few ways to avoid being what in there?
A person who has a good sense of humor is often called?
The fox was lost among the many trees, where was it?
What would someone be if he or she is not massive?
What do you talk into the mouthpiece of?
If you raise vegetables where would you put a shed?
People want to go on vacation. Where might they go?
If I wanted the gallery to be an equal distance from everyone, where might I put it?
Washing hands is important, you should wet, then what, and then rinse?
If you're using scuba gear in the ocean where are you?
What must elementary school students do when they are going into class?
What separates a snake from other reptiles?
James needed to reset after a long day at work.   He turned on the television and found a good show.  What might that help him do?
What is an effect of jumping rope?
If a person celebrates by drinking too much, what is a likely consequence?
Where can someone likely use more than one washing machine?
How can people best have a conversation?
There is rain outside, what happens to the stuff left outside?
What single race must a horse win to head to a championship goal?
The man tried to learn how to play the game, but his  injury meant that he would always do what?
John was driving to work and running late, what did he experience as he walked through the door?
John was glad that he had help.  The piano was what?
Where do you mix things on a counter?
He didn't want his son to be soft, so he was always what on him?
Joe needs a container cup to hold milk  that he gets out of something. What might the milk come out of?
The people wanted to do a demonstration, where did they decide to do it?
Where is a good place to keep an eyeglasses case in traffic?
After eating dinner, having plenty to eat, and exercising, what is likely to happen?
What is something that people do early in the day?
Where might  a  blowfish be kept?
What do cats have in common with most mammals?
Where does light come from?
He opened up the advertisement after reading the subject line, what kind of ad was it?
When standing in queue and daydreaming, someone might get your attention from far away by doing using what technique?
It was important precious cargo, so it was delivered as quickly as possible by means of what?
He was setting up a pond in his backyard, it had two levels and he used flat rocks to create a what from one level to the other?
Where could you find a marmoset in a zoo?
They had just moved in but had already gotten cable, wanting to use television they did what with the cord?
If kids experience aging what will do?
The college freshmen was set on getting a fresh start, he was determined on making friends so did lots of what?
Where in your home would you normally keep your toothpaste?
Brother Dan sat in a holding char around in a circle and talked to his peers.  Where could he have been?
What kind of activity ends with a cash register?
Each witness had to take oath, this oath was to what?
What is a front yard generally filled with?
A significant even in someone's life is something that is not what?
If you answering questions you only get credit if you're what?
Exercising daily requires a lot of what mental toughness?
People that follow god are usually what?
Where is a large post office likely to be found?
What business serves alcoholic refreshment?
A large body of water often appears to be what?
I want to make something that I put peanut butter and jelly on; what do I cook?
Where is the supreme courthouse in a state typically located?
When one wishes to analyse a subject you must do what at great length?
A teacher thought that John wasn't doing  his best. She knew he had potential, so she tried to do what to him?
A koala was far from home, across the ocean from Australia, in a country that also spoke English. Where might it have been?
The former wrestler wanted to give back, he donated a new main wrestling mat to the what?
He enjoyed reading newspaper, he consider what a subscription?
Where can you find an old coffee table book?
What would a bald eagle be likely to avoid?
Though the drawing of the object was ambiguous at best, the people playing the drawing game were able to identify the item because it was what?
Punishing physical jobs make people want to do what regarding exercise?
The area of land next to the ocean is called what?
If you need a cavity filled where do you go?
If you're traveling, you must be doing what?
Why do people ready gossip magazines?
The runner preferred exercise in the forest to the city, so where did he drive to every morning?
The child was skipping pebbles in nature, so where was he?
Where can you find gamblers who watch four legged animals?
Where do kids go before they start primary school?
Where are you likely to get very fresh fruit?
James think that people need to communicate more.  What do people need to do in order to communicate?
Where is a good place for a person to put green beans?
Why might happen to two individuals experiencing fear that can't agree?
Sam wanted a permanent way to stop the Crimson King from destroying the universe, but the only solution he could find was what?
John stumbled in the dark trying to find a lamp, but there wasn't one nearby.   It was late and everything was dark.  The entire what was pitch black.
Where is a automobile likely to go after an accident?
Playing chess is like most things where practice helps to build your what at it?
She was a very vain person, in a crowd she loved nothing more than to do what?
What does a competent person do at work?
If you've been in front of a computer all day and need to have a rest you can do what do relieve strain?
Where are there often multiple personal televisions?
What could cause people who put off having a check up change their ways quickly?
What do you do to someone easily when you love them?
What might a human wish to explore first in our galaxy?
Where would you find a container full of rice?
Attending meeting was his priority, he had to get a good what?
If you practice answering questions, what positive thing will happen?
North america has winter to start the year because it is where?
If I am in the southern United States eating crab, where am I likely?
After getting dressed very formally and getting the stereotypical viewing glasses, they went to the ticket office where?
John is careful about to eating dinner that is healthy because he wants to experience what?
Where do tourists go on hikes to take pictures?
Playing tennis requires at least one opponent, a ball, and a what?
Fan after fan filed in for the big game, it wouldn't be long before what was filled?
Even though she implored he reply, what did the recipient of the email do?
Where would you play with a toy that fires a projectile ball and coin operated machines?
Sarah liked driving cars more than she liked cigarettes.  After she quit, she'd take long drives for what?
Where is a tin likely to have food in it?
He was constantly chasing their love, and it seemed being a success was the only way to what?
James wanted to get a kite.  He loved flying them.  Where might he look for one?
The archaeologist was seeing artifacts that he had lost long ago while reading a textbook, what did this bring up?
My company is vertical.  How do I make it more horizontal?
If you don't speak French or Italian, it could be easy to encounter confusion here. Where is it?
The bully said mean words, what was the affect on others?
What did Einstein decide energy was related to?
The employee asked which kind of meat and bread the customer wanted, they chose to have a what?
Sam intentionally lost his tickets.  He didn't want to listen to people singing all night. Where was Sam going?
Everybody wants to be the frontman or play guitar in a what?
Billy tried to find the hole but he could not.  He scoured the place many times searching.  What might he have scoured?
Why does someone clean their house from pollen?
The annoying person always had a comment to share, he must think he must what?
The belief that we don't choose what happens in life is called what?
James needed a heavy chain wrap around his tires.  Where might he find one?
How does someone become a lover?
People do what during their time off from work?
Sally loves learning.  It's difficult, arduous, and long process, but in the end, it gives her something special.  What does learning do for someone?
What could you put a ruler either on top of or into?
What do cats like to hug when they are peeking at birds?
What is typing a form of?
The satellite zipped past the moon, where was it heading?
John wanted to hunt blowfish, but he didn't want to leave America.  Where might he search?
Where can you get a trumpet to take home?
Where do salesman work?
What could you hang on a building?
If you're removing dirt from a carpet while doing housework what do you need?
Even drinking was difficult after the surgery, he was having trouble doing what?
What do most people have five years after becoming a parent?
Going public about a controversial issue is likely to get what?
Sometimes to have to prove you
Not many people write out reports anymore, they only use paper by loading it into the what?
The overbearing father told his son he had to earn his value, in left the child with feeling of what?
If a man is going fishing and not getting bites, what does he likely feel?
Where do you take a bus after a day at work?
Where is the best place to use a curling iron?
Where do many vacuums store dirt?
They needed human to act out motion capture, what were they producing?
The snake found a warm place to sleep next to a human, where did it end up?
Where are you unlikely to find a taxi?
What do people do with each other when they feel anger?
If a person wants to hear music in their car, what can they do?
She asked to swallow semen, he shrugged and replied it was fine if that's what?
The potatoes were ordered by the chef, where did they end up?
While the marmoset is a new world monkey, you still won't find one anywhere but a zoo in which mile high place?
Where would you go to find a mammoth?
The noise was loud, especially on impact.   John tried to drawn it out with the radio, but only succeeded in hurting his ears.  Where might John be?
What do use coal to light?
What has stopped if your spouse abandon you?
Someone charged with killing people is likely to reside where?
Farting while not at home may cause you to experience what?
What is a person visiting  a museum likely to feel after realizing an object is missing?
Where can you have a television to watch when you're retiring at the end of the day?
What method of transportation uses air to float?
Sam thought that Jane was mean, but she was actually what?
In order to pass a class you will need to finish all of what which are assignments to complete away from school?
A small dog envied his friends, who were attached to sleds and pulled people though the thick snowy wilderness.  Where might he live?
Where will you find eggs before the farmer collects them?
Where is the closest place you would find a potato?
What could a person do after eating some turkey?
What does someone feel when they lose playing soccer?
What does a priest do even if he or she cannot talk?
After spending a hot summer day running after ball while playing baseball, what might happen to a person's body?
How can someone express audibly that they are having fun?
Becoming inebriated leads to what state?
What can you do after learning about science?
The lady loved chatting with friends, she used all sorts of what to keep in touch?
At work I do lots of math, so I keep a calculator open and handy on my what?
The horse a buggy rental is expensive, but it's a unique way to see what?
Excavation was beginning, step one was a good foundation at the what?
When she did occasionally arise to go to the club, what was she looking to do, euphemistically speaking?
Where would a bell end a scheduled class?
What is usually the purpose of a vehicle?
What does a person receive in jail from loved ones?
Where are you likely to find melted cheese?
What would you use to see a clip?
What is an easy way to make a potato soft?
The measurement was important and they had to make a, what kind of increase, to get it just right?
The children play cards often, but they make their own rules because they can't what the originals?
Where do uniformed officials search travelers looking for terrorists?
What is a good way to carry a small dog?
Standing in queue at a store allows you to be able to do what to your surroundings?
The pawn was hand carved, it was a fine what?
What can happen to someone involved in a precarious rescue?
What wet vehicle do you steer with a wheel?
When people are honest, what do they tend to do?
When james was climbing he experiences a couple of symptoms.  The most painful and long lasting was on his hands.   What  might have happened to him?
What do adults do with their clothing?
What does a ferret like to crawl up?
What happens inside of you when you have anger?
What is something that happens when you are learning about science?
I put up a railing to make sure I don't fall at my house, but now when I sit outside it blocks my view, what am I sitting on?
She could wait for her new terrace to be covered in green next year, it was the final piece of her dream what?
Teachers play many roles such as babysitter, but they get the most out of just simply doing what?
Why would children run out of a house?
What country is arkansas in?
What kind of wine list can I expect to see in Paris?
The broadcast studio had a booth set up for interviews, the host sat down and adjusted his what so the audience could hear?
The person was in the drawing room, but wanted to take his draft to be completed, where did he go?
One of the best ways to improve how you wrestle is by doing what?
He was trying to explain to his religious parents that stopping being married to his ex was the right thing to do, but they still found it what?
Sarah was celebrating with way too many beers.  Even so, she succeeded in doing what?
Why would someone not want to sit down next to you?
Where would you store your hair gel near where you get clean?
If someone decided to go somewhere an hour away, they would be doing what in an hour?
Where could you see a moving weasel that is not real?
What do people usually do when listening to music?
Seeing his idea become reality should have brought joy to James.  Instead, it only brought what emotion?
What could sometimes happen after taking phone call?
Where can you buy your child's first violin?
Where might I put this can of food in my home?
If you were looking for where a committee meets, where would you start?
The cars were all fully loaded, and had spacious whats?
He had been farting and getting away with it, he didn't what?
A person had run all day and felt tired, what did they need?
What is owned by a person and could have a second floor?
He wanted a raise, but what did the stingy boss do with that request?
Feathers are less common in what because many people are allergic?
Where would you keep a container can of corn?
Where could someone find a blue apple tree?
Manny broke his triangle.  Where might he go to get a new one?
Where do most birds put eggs?
Index cards were on display at the museum, what kind of museum was it?
If a person is feeling sick, but has a project to finish, what should they do?
Where can you get a bugle to take home with you?
What kind of blade cuts living things?
What is inside of a plate while it is flying?
Where is the best place to keep ice crean?
A toddling child who is learning about the world is gaining what?
Where would you usually find a freezer with food in it?
What causes water to come out of the sky?
There is a lot of water nearby to what popular west coast attraction?
Where would you go if you need an eraser?
Where did a shop get the sand dollars you can buy?
Where are you likely to find a reception area in a business at which you spend twenty-four hours?
The hot dogs were extremely expensive despite where they walked, where were they?
Where does one wait on a bench for something on tracks?
What would you likely see a group of horses doing together?
When a person has lost all hope, what do they tend to do?
What does a human have that a dog does not have?
What does a person who likes school also do?
Where could you put a clock on the floor?
What is the best way to keep tomatoes fresh?
While you're shopping for greeting cards where would you child like to be?
Where is likely to have a small kitchenette?
What do you need to do to get recognition at work?
John's bathroom wouldn't flush, so on Saturdays he was forced to poop where?
Jane saw a box labeled "stuff," what could be in the box?
Where would you find a pot that is being used by someone?
Living in a humid climate can be uncomfortable, it leads to a lot of what?
If you were Greek and saw a shark here, where are you?
The project needs paint, where to go to get some?
Clean linen was important in John's workplace Where might John work?
If you are looking to gain the most profits you could focus on cutting down what?
She needed cabbage and make-up, so where did she go to buy both?
Joe wanted to know the truth because he was an academic and south to learn as much as possible.  He would do anything in pursuit of what?
Danny loved having food, but food doesn't love him.  If he eats what he likes he often develops what?
They robbers didn't just want the money the tellers had, they wanted to make sure they got the big load of money in the what?
When people travel they usually don't have to worry about medical emergencies because hospitals are where?
She loved finding the art in nature, and loved how what would explain it?
Sex is often referred to being part of what for everyone?
Sally brought the ball when she visited Scott so that they could do what with it?
What does someone feel when they run away from a big animal?
The jelly was put into a tube, where was it bound?
If someone is sharp and they highly qualify for a job some might say their qualifications are what?
When a teacher gives you a command what should you do?
Where would you look for lasagna after it has been cooked?
When darkness came, what was she prompted to go to?
What is one fun result of farting?
The lights were used for a safe landing, so where were they installed?
Where is a famous basketball court?
When a play starts in an auditorium, what tends to fade out?
It is usually difficult to forgive your spouse if they have what with someone else?
What could cause excitement due to things that can move but are not moving?
What might a couple do in a canoe?
In what western sate might one find a bald eagle?
If people are informed of an imminent war, what do they do next?
While she did cry at her mother's death bed, what did her mother reassure her to do to fight her issues?
When meeting a friend, what does one generally do at first?
A relationship that was once filled with the heat of passion but now has someone showing no emotion towards the other, the person has now demonstrated what towards the other?
Running is great cardio for working out the heart, but the regular muscles it targets are in the what?
Laura likes blue anemones, and John wants to give her something special for her birthday.  Where might John go to get an anemone for Laura?
What do you hope to achieve when finding information about manners?
What do people consider chatting with friends when there is work to do ?
Where is the night table with the hand cream?
The student didn't have a dictionary at the dorm, so the student went where?
Loose lips sink ships, so the surprise party planners had to be very what?
Why would someone bring home fish?
Where could you find thousands of chair?
Where will you find a brownstone apartment away from the center of town?
After hearing it for so long he finally gave in, he began talking to the what?
WHy do people write things down?
Driving a car along a scenic highway can have what calming affect?
When people drive they usually do what to ward off boredom?
He was a man with many loose morals, but when it came to his wife he was always what?
What kind of store does a merchant have if they sell produce?
If people are working hard and saving their money, what is the likely consequence?
What event would soldiers be trained to use explosive devices?
He wanted his favorite horse memorialized permanently, so what did he comission?
Where could there by tens of thousands of people playing baseball?
If someone comes in the room while you're cooking what are they hoping to do?
What is a popular pork bbq dish?
When people get older what happens to their hair?
Where is a magnet used to make something vibrate?
When you feed food to animals, you are at a petting?
The artist used a stylus on a pad to draw digitally, he kept a very steady what?
Where are you likely to find an artisan market?
Some people will only have sex for the first time if they what?
What gift do people claim that god has for people?
The turkey needed to be kept unspoiled, what is the full name of a useful impelement in this situation?
Where can you get a yellow fungus on your person?
What does someone want to do if they want to travel?
Someone takes up exercising to improve their what
What does a robot need to be able to be working?
Where is a good place to keep many a pencil?
He didn't like the walk up, but living on the top floor meant there was nobody above him in the what?
He kept throwing the stick away, but thanks to the dog the stick would always what?
Putting on a professional stage play requires what kind of effort?
The shopping arcade had a lot of foot traffic, where was it located?
If I find liquid water, what planet am I likely on?
The student had difficulties reading, he would furrow his brow while doing what on a line of the book?
If you're giving assistance to people in need what are you likely to see on their faces?
When a union shop decides to go off strike what will they do?
If I am reading a letter from a friend who I asked to write me a response, what might I be looking for?
What separates a bay from the water?
If someone is fiddling a sad tune, what is the song likely about?
If I wanted to see an apple tree, where would be a good place to go?
Sam couldn't turn off his computer and it was stuck.  He didn't know why, but he called tech support because he was sure of what?
A student want to recall information from class later, what is he doing?
John needed his watched fixed. Where might he take it?
Why would you be unable to win when you play games?
What is likely to be the feeling for  future ideas after seeing idea become reality?
Hers pets had fleas, not only did she have to treat them but the furniture and what too?
John walked up to the reception desk and rang a bell.  He waited for five minutes and told the reception person that he had a reservation. Where might he be?
Sam was alone in spite of the fact that he was at a family reunion and mingling with what?
What can be seen from the earth?
A person who found something odd, may have found it odd because it wasn't what?
What do you call the period of time after you are done running before you have the energy to run again?
What does someone who likes to hear someone play violin enjoy?
Johnny build a house somewhere on the planet.  He wanted to do so away from the city, but still close enough.  But he gave up that dream and settled for building it inside the city limits.  Where might he have built it?
What do people with a lot of money do?
The concierge said to ask him any question that you needed answered, he said he can get you what?
The cotton needed to be sent to the shirt factory in the Piedmont, where should it get sent?
Where do you hear music when moving between floors?
If people are on a beach, what are they likely doing?
If I am away, I couldn't currently be what?
What will a person have when very happy?
What would stop football players from having fun in the game?
Rap is not usually associate with what music often performed by an orchestra?
Where would Bob go to buy pills?
When you spend time contemplating ideas what will you get?
Mary looked though the chest that her grandfather brought with him.  She could no longer return to his birthplace, because it was not gone.  Now it's called what?
People in what region refer to it as big sky country?
Where can you buy shampoo along side items for nourishment?
What could you do if you want to get free stuff that is worth money?
Where can you can find snack food and ice cream shaped like a mouse?
The rubber stamp was the shape of a state, it also had a race car in it to recognize the racing heritage of where?
The station was local, but Sarah could pick up signals from where?
What does a person get from drinking milk?
What country has a large amount of trophy hunters?
What kind of emotion does eating at your favorite restaurant bring about?
If you have a cat what will it do after your setting a cup on a table?
Victoria is the name of many cities, you'd say the one where does it big?
He always wanted to be a farmer, but he never moved to the country and was what his whole life?
If you've taken off your socks and are lying down where are you likely to be?
The man had to leave work in a hurry, in the middle of work, where was his paper work left?
If people get upset while chatting with friends, what is the likely culprit?
John needed to find shade. He was being blinded by what?
He admired the neck and bridge, and then decided to play the what?
If someone had been smoking, an easy way to tell would be if they were what?
Being tired makes humans decide to go to this object?
Bill lives some place that has an extremely diverse animal population spread out across a very wide area and many unique climates.  Where might he live?
Jane was beautiful on the inside, but on the outside she wasn't much to look at.  How might she be described?
Where would a woman store her leg razor?
Where are peas likely to be freshest?
What emotion might someone feel if they've been doing housework all day and someone messed up your home?
What aisle do you walk down to get  lettuce?
The class of children walked around the place in a line, their guide took them to what?
Sometimes things don't concern people themselves, this often leads them to what about the result?
Where might an animal track be easily visible?
We were on the highway, driving back home and pulled off to find an eating place called what?
James loved the flags that had a snake and a motto on it.    It was a symbol of a place located where?
They got to the door and it was locked, he reached in his jeans what to retrieve the key?
Where would you get sugar if you do not have any?
Sarah knew that bob was a gentleman because he took her to a show and was stylish in his what?
In order to give birth to a child you have to do this with a man?
The producer didn't want to do the show live, what type of show was he looking for?
If I go for a run and don't watch where I place my feet, what's likely to happen?
What happens when people don't recycle packing materials?
The child ran to fast and hit his foot on a rock, what happened next?
Where would you keep a chair to toss your clothes on before retiring for the evening?
What do people use in the army when they are being attacked?
What is the large-sclae  general result of waging war?
He expected high quality for the money he spent, but the chair fell apart from what?
Where is clothing found on vacation?
What does the sky look like on a sunny day?
Billy loved singing, because it let him do what?
Many sea anemones live in what group of tiny marine animals?
Celebrating with too many drinks will lead to what kind of pain the next morning?
The competition contestant had simply run out of steam, it seemed she was doing what?
Because of his beliefs he knew that if he were to kill he would suffer what?
He dreamed he was wide awake, but in fact he was in the middle of a very what?
Where can you find many stores with books?
What does the government have control over?
The man liked eating hamburger but never exercised, what was the result?
Where would a human go to be near his or her ancestors?
James was a politician, but he loved the finer things in life and had few scruples. He took things that he shouldn't have.  What might those things have been?
Where do people go if they are looking for a taxi?
The lady fumbled in her purse for change she didn't have, the person beyond offered a helping hand in what?
Billy was a very creative person but he wasn't very social. He wanted to meet new people. What would he have to do to accomplish that?
Where might someone live if they are only able to have a small dog?
What has metal wings?
What is a  cathode ray tube typically part of?
Ben was usually an eloquent speaker, but this time he had difficulty reading the words on the teleprompter, so he did much what?
If you have two dogs, you'll quickly find that you have many more. This is because dogs are capable of what?
What type of dwelling do the people live in?
John knew that the pictures were in a box, he put them there for long term storage.  He went out and looked for it in what?
The person was having a difficult time understanding the computer program, they were beginning to what?
Driving car can be monotonous, so many turn the dial and do what?
It wasn't at first sight but at first kiss when the two began to what with one another?
Choosing a cruise for traveling can have many benefits, socially you're in close proximity strangers and get to experience what more quickly?
Sam was performing live.  John couldn't be there but he still listened.  What did he listen to?
The chess board had to be wheel chair accessible for the old folks living in the what?
What are mission workers constantly telling many people about?
Where would you expect to hear a clavichord being used?
What could happen to a car if it crashes?
Where would you find a shark that is not alive?
By laughing while playing, what were the children doing?
Billy  found that his toilet was overflowing.  Water was splashing onto  the floor and making a huge mess.  He got a mop and tried to clean it up.  Where might the toilet be located?
What could prevent someone from starting to dance?
What's a good way to remember your small dog after he's gone?
The shark was feeling cold, what did it decide to look for?
After working out and releasing energy all day how are you likely to feel?
Where do you stock weaponry?
She wanted a condominium near the Gulf of Mexico, where should she look for one?
Where does a lizard likely live?
Why would a jogger have headphones in?
What does an actor do while acting?
Where would you find a pot with something alive in it?
The electronics store benefited from people walking from the food kiosks, where was it located?
After being stuck indoors all day breathing fresh air would lead to what?
What will there be after an excavation is finished?
The study showed driving while sleep deprived led to as many what accidents as being drunk?
A colorful pebble falls on a goldfish, where is the pebble?
Before someone can adopt the parent must do what with their offspring?
While he wanted to believe, what mindset prevented him from accepting it?
John didn't like skating much, but he liked it more than his other options.  The doctor said that he needed to take better care of himself, and skating was an activity that did what to him?
what does someone do when they do not reply to a question?
Why would you be unable to walk forward?
Where is one unlikely to find a concert hall?
John opened the window and climbed out because he didn't want to listen to someone for an hour. Where might he have been?
Sam ran out of clipboards. Where might he got for more?
The old man would be stuck staying in bed, part of the nurse's job was to move him so he wouldn't get what?
Where would a cat like to relieve himself?
Where would you put a wooden rod after buying it if you do not have any clocks?
When standing in queue for a long time you will more than likely be?
Where is bacteria likely to be slimy?
Where did most people keep their telephone directory near the nourishment they keep in their house?
The parking lot was only full during the day, where was it located?
Some people like to get things from as close to the source as possible, to achieve this for a potato you'd have to go where?
Where are unwanted advertisements often delivered to a home?
What might someone not caught killing someone have?
Where could you find a nearby apple tree if you live in the United States?
A person is putting a sofabed in a house for a guest, where are they likely to place it?
What is a speed bump likely to cause a vehicle to do?
John refused to listen to his mother about his music volume.  Because of that, he gradually did what?
Why might you be found grooming yourself in the mirror on the way out the door?
When she would wait tables she had to listen to and what?
The man really like the picture and wanted to look at it while checking emails, where did he paste it?
What does a person known as a cowboy do?
An amphitheartre provides a stage in what sort of environment?
If a crowd of people are all in a relationship except for one, what can they be considered?
The bill was passed in hopes of fighting inflation on the products, but it failed to force the companies into what?
Making the cars made a lot of noise, everybody had to wear earplugs at the what?
Many people have mental issues, they need someone to what to?
It was time for a harvest, you could find potato after potato in the what?
She was new at playing violin, what did she immediately notice developing?
If you catch your girlfriend lying about seeing another guy, you'll most likely experience what?
What gathering of loved ones follows your final birthday?
What type of explosive weapon often kills innocents long after the war is over?
Where would keep a saucepan when it's not in use?
What types of stoves are there?
What are you usually at when you sit on a bench on a curb?
What do people in love do on their birthdays?
What is a person going for a long walk in need of?
If a human hits their hand on something it is their own what that caused it?
How is a dog likely to communicate with another dog?
What happens to someone who stays in bed too long?
What is a group of three or four musicians called?
What water feature has a pool at the bottom?
The man had been drinking alcohol, when he caused a disturbance he was arrested for public what?
If I'm an old man how will I look jumping rope?
What is often classified into periods?
What is likely the result of falling in gravel while running?
Where did the bald eagle make its nest so that it couldn't be reached after it escaped?
If someone is typing, what are they doing?
Much like a bicycle a chain drives the back wheel of a what?
What happens to living beings when they are nervous?
She thought she had some old clothes that might work for the costume, she went to retrieve them down in the what?
When the baby was born, what did the new grandmother claim it did for her?
What might someone having a hard time writing a term paper feel?
Where would you find a sign and a long line of cars behind it?
What can you do to make up hours you lose at work?
If I wanted to buy a cable, where would I go?
What must be done to a driveway filled with snow?
What might cause someone to panic is they are having a heart attack?
A marmoset can be found many places, but they are usually found where?
Try to get a window seat to enjoy the view when you ride what large over the road transport?
What does cancer have the potential to do?
He was practicing deep breathing techniques, he had to have great control of his what?
What do women wear on their legs that is made of nylon?
She got a snack and drink and laid back in her chaise lounge, the day was finally over and she could just read book and what?
Where is a church found at?
What medium do people get their beer from ?
On what is your evening meal served if you're not at a quick casual diner?
Where would you find a passageway that is mainly used by visitors?
When a person takes business calls on the phone, where does it tend to take place?
Where can someone eat popcorn quietly?
The receiver had another drop, on the sideline his coach begged him to just make one what?
Where can you find a musician that no one is listening to?
What information may we need to get from a person when we command them to do something?
Ryan answered the call, but the person on the other end did what?
Knitting with a group of friends is a great way to do what?
If people need something on the other side of a body of water, what must they do?
The couple were finally to buy house, they had comfortable jobs and the funds for a what?
Where might I ruin some papers if I place my coffee mug there, and it spills?
Billy loved climbing, and he eventually suffered a brain injury due to what?
Bobby was doing housework when he became sick.   He thought he worked too hard, but the doctor said what it was what?
Where would you find out what a lemur is?
What is the main ingredient in making bread?
This is a great way to move across water in one of its more popular states.
Like with owning a kitten, what is a common danger when participating in the sport of fencing?
They had so much fun that afternoon that it seemed like it had become what in a blink of the eye?
Everyone was at the finals for a reason, they were all what competition?
It seems weird to have a fast food restaurant with all the local choices, but with all the people what have plenty of them?
What does a person want to do the first day of school?
Why do people take up running?
Where are you likely to find a tupperware container?
The host seated everybody for the meal and took his seat where?
Where would you usually find a hole made by an animal?
What is a place with pictures that a small dog is not allowed into?
What are tables sometimes necessary for when a variety of thoughts are needed?
What sort of structures do you enter through a doorway?
The office needed lights, so where were they installed?
He explained that the concept was corporeal and the student should be able to grasp it, but the student found the ideas what?
The animals were in the back of the van.  Sally and Jim were nervoud about that.  They were afraid their pets might get hurt during the what?
Where would you put a fire extinguisher if you do not have any large doors in your house and your house only has one floor?
What about eating hamburgers makes someone want more?
Where is beaver likely to be found?
What event might cause someone to get rid of their car?
What is a well known way for couples  of celebrating a marriage?
What is another term for drink?
Boats that aren't on the ocean travel across the surface of what?
Climbing a hill when hiking can really give one an appreciation of what?
It was the only way out of town, the police parked their vehicles and drew their guns to create a what?
If you're taking a break from your library, you should still put in the effort to complete what sort of form before your card stop working?
If I want to find more information about things in general, what am I seeking?
Sammy was a union member.   He had to be.  It was the only way to advance in his profession.  What was his profession?
She really enjoyed to make bread, because when you made your own it was always what?
A marmoset is not here, where is it?
What does a person in ISIS practice?
What east coast city is known for their pizzerias?
Major Tom wanted to preserve the weapons. As dangerous as they were, he felt that they could have what in the future?
The hike was just too early for him, rather than water he put a cup of coffee in his what?
He saw the garage across the street from his house, where was the garage located?
If you have rotten food when eating breakfast in bed what will you be doing?
What can a concert hall also be used for?
The banjo was sent off to be sold retail after it was built, where was it bound?
The fat child could not be trusted to have food around, there was only one thing it would do and that was what?
What's the best place to store boxes of spare automobile parts?
John wants to catch crabs.  He's thinking of moving somewhere that this would be easier.  Where might he go?
There is a lot of ways to live life, but it all ends the same with what?
What happens often when traveling to a new time zone?
What type of moistener might someone who uses sanitizer frequently use?
What city would you find a temple containing men with shaved heads?
What is happening to a person found guilty of committing murder?
He never got in trouble, he received a certificate for what?
What dry state can a lizard be found in?
What does a doctor have to do before he is allowed to take an exam to get his MD?
When you return to work you will likely need what to get in the door if you are the first to arrive?
When a house has a normal location, where is it found?
How might young adult friends have fun?
Miranda wasn't sure about what she was doing, she just knew that she couldn't stop moving her smelly feet. This was a problem, because she was told to do what?
The atheist extolled virtues of secular thought, what ideas was he likely opposing?
What do people want to minimize by surprising rather then prepping?
James loved watching the sloth on television.  This was his favorite what?
A doctor admonished a patient that medicine alone wasn't enough, what else did the patient need?
I want everyone to hear my voice, how should I speak?
What's another name for cargo?
What would happen too you if you are playing game?
Returning to work was easy for Dan.  He had liked doing nothing for weeks, and after his treatment he was complately what?
Jim was looking for a container cup to put something in.  Where might he have looked?
They were going somewhere outside of walking distance, so they took the what?
Why would you rest if you've got other things to do?
If a person is accused of committing murder, who must they face in court?
Where is an expressway likely to be crowded?
It was a stunning sight to the explorer, the garden oasis in the middle of the what was the most beautiful thing he had seen?
Where would a cat sit to soak up sunlight?
Johnny wants to get money his brother.  He doesn't like to, but he sucks it up, makes the call, and finds himself doing what?
If someone was a huge art buff and wanted to see many a gallery in one trip, where might one suggest they visit?
The laser light hurt his eyes, how would he describe it?
The instructor explained all the parts like the stock, then the cadets had to disassemble and reassemble their what?
What can happen after drinking alcohol that takes a long time to finish?
The moving air turned the blade and provided power.  What type of object is this?
Where is a caught monkey likely to live at least to begin with?
What are you a part of if you hear a bugle in the mornings?
What could happen immediately after sadness?
The farmer was worried about intruders, he made sure to make his what fox proof?
Sally is a customer at a restaurant.  She got a table early.  What might she have done after being seated?
Billy hated killing people.   He didn't like seeing people do what?
Where would a court be located?
The king needed to feel safe, where did he go?
Sure you could get a drink absolutely anywhere, but he found he lost less money if he was just at the bar where?
Where would you go if you do not like the way your hair looks?
Where would you put a pot if you do not need to use it?
if i were kissing someone and it started to snow what would be a likely result
Where could you find a monkey nearby if you live in the United States?
What contains a company of people?
Where would you mount a towel that you wanted above your shower?
Where is best to have clothes folded?
They began moving car with their bare hands to save the child trapped underneath, nobody could explain where they got the what to do so?
To think for a long time you need to be able to?
What is likely to happen to a snowman that is getting wet?
As the child keep growing it's curiosity grew, it wasn't long before it figured out the purpose of the remote control is for to do what?
Where is the most famous cartoon mouse from?
What would cooks do when they are almost finished cooking?
As things get colder, temperature does what?
What includes both a person and a jellyfish?
James was chatting with friends  and eating pizza when he suddenly experienced something.  He ran out of the room to get a pen and paper.   What did he experience?
Where could you find an artificial light source?
If you ate some spicy food, what could happen to you?
What would dogs do if there are no intruders nearby?
Where can you buy a purse as well as a TV?
Where do gutters prevent a ball from becoming runway?
What can a horse winning many races hope to achieve?
If people are bowing before a statue, what are they likely doing?
You can go to a sporting goods store to buy what uniform tops?
Being tired makes humans realize they need what even in a car, or chair?
Why would someone be bringing suit?
Sarah didn't own a computer or a monitor.  Instead she just used something connected to her TV.  How would she describe the thing connected to her TV?
A lot of rivers flow in and out of what body of water?
The lab results had been compiled, the scientist began analysing the data because he wanted what?
George thought that it was possibile to go faster than light.  He insisted.  However, all known science said that this was what?
If your shoes are too tight what will you get on your feet after jogging?
You might find a dirt highway out where?
Birds make nests to lay eggs they got from having a what?
What state has a county called columbia and is the furthest in the direction that the sun sets?
James found a snake on the ground while hiding from a tornado.  Where might the snake have been?
If someone is quite crafty with needles they might have all sorts of hobbies like needlepoint, crocheting, or just plain what?
What would cause a person to stop driving at a hotel?
where is the information superhighway?
At the school dance most kids were enjoying themselves, but a shy one found himself a what?
Where is a good place to find a lot of fictional words?
The school dress code was strict, all girls had to wear a what?
With elderly resident, Illness is a common way a stay ends where?
When someone is watching a film like Saw, what are they likely experiencing?
What will the government do if they find out you fail to file your taxes?
Billy cared about his opponent, in spite of their disagreements.  Because of that, when he lost the primary, Billy began to do what for him?
where does a homeless person go for food?
The part of a computer that holds the memory and processing chips is called what?
What will happen to you if you are staying healthy?
What would describe the hands of someone who doesn't do manual labor?
What do people want to feel while playing cards?
Where is a good place to purchase a toy balloon?
She wanted to donate her old clothes to charity, she began folding and stacking the clothing into a what?
Where are there millions of marmoset sitting in trees?
Where would you put a tissue holder if you have a cold and plan to stay inside?
He tried communicating by radio, but what did he hearing the other end?
The person prepared for anything, this is why he kept months worth of canned food in his what?
Where is an unused weapon likely to be?
The day of hard work had led to fatigue, during lunch break he fell to what?
Expressing yourself by using complicated words and technical language is likely to draw what from you audience?
If you want to stop being married to someone it's usually because of what?
The food was packaged for sale, where was it bound?
Where would you get an upright piano if you do not have one?
What kind of person would believe in God and kill a divine entity?
If someone suffers from hunger but has nothing in the house what do they have to do?
What may happen to a dangerous rescue?
Where would you go if you want to see a beautiful thunderstorm?
WHat causes a kid to cry when riding a bike?
His saw was too big to fit with all his wrenches and screwdrivers in his metal what?
Where could you find millions of ficus?
Where is a good place in a home to keep an extra eyeglasses case?
What state should your bedroom have before sleeping?
What can you use hear other people and be heard yourself?
The house had been abandoned so long her stride left a clear path through the dust on the what?
When millions are piled up they can be a hassle, but a snowflake is quite beautiful when it is falling through the what?
what is likely the fate of a lying employee?
The man began to cogitate about cogitating, being able to do this meant he clearly he must what?
Where are you if you open the night table drawer to find a bible placed by the gideons?
If a person wants to put some excitement into his routine, he learn how to do what?
A horse rider wants to find foxes, what should he participate in?
It was very humid and he wasn't hydrated, so when he was running he was stricken with what?
He was contemplating a choice, what was he doing the following day?
She finally gave up smoking when they decided to grow their family, this was because she had heard it can cause what?
A shelf would fit in what part of a room?
What can happen as a result of a business spending money and having to make a declaration?
Where in your room would you put scissors that you will not need to use any time soon?
If I was getting drunk and lost control of my inhibitions, what might happen to me?
The terrace overlooked a section of the Grand River, where was the terrace located?
What would happen if you are loving another and he or she loves you?
What should you say to someone that sneezes?
If I was very excited about meeting people who were very close family, what emotion would I be feeling?
What would someone do have fun at a winter party outside?
When a curtain closes this is over.  What is this?
Where are mats usually placed in a house?
Where is the most likely place for a skylight?
All the adults were sitting quietly in the other room watching TV, they were hoping the baby would what?
Where can a student find their pens?
What is a human adapted to handle?
What do we feel after travelling a long distance?
Where is it unlikely to find a office building?
What is a way for two people to communicate to each other that they are in love?
Rather than talk in a class you should do what and pay attention?
What is it called when you are killing people because they are bad?
where do you use instruments for science?
What is learning about the world and how it works likely to cause?
If you about to go on stage and are dressed in costume you are likely about to be what?
The saw was not necessary for car repair, so what wasn't it included with during pucrhase?
What place could have one back garden?
What happens while someone is going somewhere?
A person wants to be successful, the end goal is to what?
What item is smelted out of minerals on the country side?
How does a human get around?
People are lying to one another, how are they behaving?
Where do you buy potato chips?
If kids are curious regarding the weather outside, what can they do to go outside?
In the 1940's what happened when a radio show decided to pretend the Earth was invaded by Martians?
It was a long hard day of work, it was now time for sitting down and what?
There is a giant enemy crap.  It is too big to fit though doors.  So it is stuck where?
Where should leftovers go after coming out of the pan?
He chose a flashy car when he got the promotion, he wanted people to know he could afford what things?
If you were sitting on a curb in Cincinnati where would you be?
Most adult Americans split their time between home and what?
what region are the most famous temples located?
Where is there likely to be sadness in a waiting room?
Where would you find a piano that is owned by a person?
What happens to dogs when they want to play?
The man was seeking directions in the lobby, who should he talk to?
What could bringing suit do to a rivalry?
Billy likes eating breakfast in bed, but he doesn't do it often.  He likes his clean sheets too much. Why doesn't he eat breakfast in bed that often?
Many women carry a lot of stuff in their purse which is also known as a what?
James and Holly were getting a divorce. They didn't like it, but they needed it.  What might they be trying to avoid?
The competitive guy liked to play games, what was his goal?
What is the goal of most people playing games?
Steam turns to vapor quickly when it is exposed to what?
How would you be living life with at least 2 other people?
Where is an adult collector of toy cars likely to keep them?
Where can I put the bean bag chair so that everyone can use it?
Where do kids throw a ball around?
What place protects animals such as the bald eagle?
What pacific northwest place has many apple trees?
The forward comes before an essay, what comes at the end of it?
What vehicle uses a chain to move the back wheel?
If you live by the shore than you probably live in a what?
Sarah wants to eat lunch.  To do this she'll have to go to her kitchen and do what?
What is on the base of a stack of cubes?
Sunshine and warmth are the weathers associated with what?
Bob the mouse lived in a densely populated area.  Where might he look for shelter?
If you're going to a party in an alley, what is likely to happen?
Where is a pleasure garden likely to have orginated?
James thought that cost of buying the new screen outweighted the what?
The food fresh of the grill was the best in town, it was no surprise that this place was many people's favorite what?
The animals had eaten and taken a mud bath in the sun, what happened to them as a result?
There are lights for safety at what performance?
What can a lawyer do to be sure spectators anticipate future actions in the correct frame of reference?
Understanding better is a great goal to have.  If everyone understood each other better, it would help being about what?
Old people can have difficulty using computer, it can turn a simple task into a lot of what?
Where would you get an electric razor if you do not have one?
She always kept an umbrella handy for the frequent rain, where did she likely live?
The committee had its first meeting.  John was glad to be a part of it.  This is what he ran for.  Where might the meeting be?
The peanuts were for sale in during the 4th inning, where were they being sold?
Where do people perter to have linoleum on the ground?
Sometimes when people think some wrongdoing has ocurred in government, how do they react?
What does killing people not usually lead to?
What will likely happen to one's body if the only eat hamburgers?
The salesman was a weasel, this should've probably been expected at a what?
Bob walks up to the second floor to his bedroom, where is he?
The inspector labeled the vessel water-tight on the dock, where was it's next destination?
what other species have blood other than humans?
After a person celebrates an occasion for hours on end, what might the person experience?
Where do you keep a piano?
The artists created an elaborate wood carving for the location, it was a spiritual experience for him working at a where?
He set up his cart all over the city, but the hot dogs always sold best where people were active like at the what?
Where do humans go in space?
What state is Pat Roberts the senator of?
The people changed their plans after watching the morning news.  What were they going to do?
Where would you find pencils and young people?
Where would you go if you need a hardware store?
What do people do when they feel a lot of excitement?
what must a dog do daily?
People came far and wide for what the chef could do on the grill, if you asked most patrons they'd say it was their favorite what?
Where do people sometimes use an eraser?
He didn't know that good things can be posion in large doses.  He thought that he was just eating an essential what?
After getting wet cotton clothing may suffer from what?
The rural general store is a staple of the great nation called what?
Where could you find a jellyfish that does not exist?
When washing clothes what do you get when the cycle is complete and thus need the second tumbling machine for?
What does someone evaluate in the dressing room?
Sam didn't have to walk far to get lunch.  There was a deli on the ground floor of his what?
The man felt sorry for the dressed up dog, it was his opinion that clothing was only for a what?
Where would you put coins after you get home?
James  and his friends like to play pretend together.  What is it that they like about playing pretend together?
The man sat down at the piano and played the A note for others to emulate, who was he with?
People voted for the outsider because they hoped it would bring what?
Where do you see signs that give direction while moving fast?
What can you do to keep yourself from feeling like a failure?
Sam tried to go to sleep, but he couldn't.  He suffered from what?
John asked for a tissue holder because he had a cold.  Where might he be?
The driver forgot his glasses, he was having trouble judging distance of oncoming cars and wouldn't pull out thinking they were all what?
The plate was dirty, where did the woman put it?
When someones is buying something what are they doing with their wallet?
The mother had to run some errands, she told he son if he did his chores while she was gone it would be what?
The politician promised money, what was he hoping to do?
He wanted to write a novel, what did he have to do when he backed the plot into a corner?
Where is glue well used?
What country is the native home of lemurs?
What is an adult in love likely to do ?
Where would a human need to check how much oxygen he or she has?
When all the members drank the poison and died it was because everybody what?
What would a person be if he or she did something bad accidentally and then apologized?
The skeleton for this needs to be light so it can fly?
What might a student do if they really hate school and they'd rather get a job?
Mandy was naturally entertaining.  She enjoyed making people feel good and hoped that she could bring lasting what to them?
How do you communicate with a friend when you are apart?
James was from out of town. He lose his keep to his room where?
In what would you find gasoline in the water?
Where should you use a well sealed container?
Where would you find a dentist office along side other such providers?
How can a bridge be built?
I was craving Tyson chicken but didnt have any where did i acquire more?
A person can like all sorts of pets but they always prefer their what?
If you didn't find any plants on another planet, where might you look to find some?
The children gathered around the camp fire to do what?
Where can I find a steakhouse with a view of canyons?
There was a black ring where James had placed his full coffee cup.  Where might the ring be?
The division of the company saw their profits skyrocket, what did their overall margins do?
The engineers were testing the automaton, where were they likely doing this?
The illusionist had a lot of lying in his magic act, it was all part of his act of what?
Jim is applying for his first job.  He's really nervous, though, and isn't sure he is ready for what?
The person responsible for the care of the patient was busy on her cell phone, the patient died because of this person's what?
He controlled all traffic taking off and landing from the control room, what military facility did he work at?
Where is a good place for a lawn chair?
What do athletes need to do after a game?
Someone who is facing boredom will often be told to go out and do what?
What is directly above the floor in a building?
Debbie buys a ficus on how own, but she doesn't want to keep it in a pot.  Where does she put it?
The item didn't sound right because one of it's legs were uneven.  What might the item be?
Where do you live if you have a cheap linoleum covering and boxy rooms?
Where would you find only one churchyard?
If an actor is said to be on the "small screen" where would you see them perform?
If being bored was a problem and you wanted to quickly read the latest news, you could do so by doing what?
what are the kind of transport that is used underwater in the atlantic ocean?
John took a carboard box and emptied his closet racks into it.  He was using the box to do what?
where can you catch a ball?
James was scared of the old well.  It was there when he bought what?
The teacher explained that even though everybody is general each of the students was an individual, she wanted each student to feel what?
A  person who is standing in like is likely to do what to pass the time?
Hurting someone else will result in what?
It was hard for them to get news that was local, this is because they lived so what?
I have a migraine and am finding information, what is my problem?
The hikers were suffering from fatigue on the steep trail, they decided to stop and what?
What dirty method of getting from one place to another in large cities may not allow you to see daylight?
What is a jury judging?
You may drink from a cup in what small dwelling that are normally grouped together in one building?
What is leather used for in a car primarily?
Unlike most metal alloys, pewter is known for its what?
The hospital next to the Sears tower is where?
Why would you want to play cards?
The food simmering in the pan smelled delicious, the aroma filled the entire what?
The hikers were feeling exhaustion, so they sat on a log to what?
What area of town is known for having brick row houses?
You wouldn't want a weasel indoors, where do you want it?
God didn't kill off everyone in the flood, so what does that suggest he has?
Why is this person getting married?
The audience got up at intermission and bought pop corn.  What might they be watching?
The trees received lots of water and sunlight, what happened as a result?
Where can you drive your automobile at the highest legal speed?
What has happened if you are dancing and you smell bad?
Sam has been kissing girls at school.  Unfortunately, he has to stay home for a week. Why might he need to stay home?
Where do you live if there are a lot of mailboxes in the foyer?
This person has lots of friends what do they rank high in?
Where should you store a fiddle when you're not playing it?
The peanuts were sealed for freshness, so where were they placed?
What would happen to someone when he or she is finished going somewhere?
His friend insisted that he must, but his conscience stopped him as he knew that he what?
A person needs to make a withdrawal, what is he looking for?
In order to have food to eat, what do people typically do for it?
A person who has been killing people should have what done by the police?
What kind of explosive device has a fuse or timer?
The storm was started due to warm waters, what kinds of places does this happen?
She grabbed the handle very tightly to work out the knots, she began to what?
If there are a lot of people waiting to order at the fast food restaurant where you decided to have lunch what must you do before you get to order?
If you are chewing food, what broader activity would you be participating in?
From the groups having fun to the falling pins, you'll hear a lot of noise where?
What might learning about science  lead to?
Where in your office would you store a highlight that you don't use often?
Where would you put a car near your house?
Where might a family go on a nice day?
James stopped standing in the mid and began doing what to the pit?
What can a person expect from their significant other after a long time away?
What could cause you to stop before running twenty six miles?
The person enjoyed the takeout, but he felt there was too many vegetables and wanted what?
where do men keep a wallet?
Where might groceries go when you take them home and put them in a room that isn't the main cooking room?
What is a good container for a potato?
To stay on the team he had to pass class, so he and the tutor began to what?
Why does a person move to the suburbs?
There was a test tomorrow, what did the guy need to do?
If you owned a single heifer, where might you keep her most of the time.
Danny needed a new mouse, his was jumping around  whenever he moved it.   Where might his mouse be?
The recipe called for much salt to really bring out the flavor, but given his dietary restrictions he added just a what?
Why would people use airplanes?
How can music help someone who is down?
Nasa floods the immediate area when what takes off?
Texas has a very long shoreline, but it isn't the longest of the nearby whats?
Because of safety concerns a law was passed, now all cars must have what?
In Japanese feudal times leaders would despise and punish people who they believe had no what?
Billy Bob sat on a bar stool and ordered a steak.  He ordered a steak because despite the style this place didn't serve alcohol.  What sort of place was this?
Sweating excessively when you exercise will mean you need to do what?
The president is the highest office where?
What is the opposite of remembering?
The woman was okay with the bug since it was a predator of aphids, where did the bug live?
Accidents involving cars affect who?
While mowing the lawn he had to be careful not to hit the landscaping, he didn't want to launch a rock at a passing car while working in the what?
Where can someone go and buy cheese?
What can some day be combined to form?
What are you buying at the general store when you buy a box full of black and red chips?
Where do homeless people go to ty to move around?
Where would a person keep a personal ficus?
A lawyer is taking care of proposals, what are they trying to do?
If a person is on vacation what are they likely to achieve?
He appreciated the small park and its taste of nature, living in the city just felt so what?
If you awake but are not fully ready to be up, what are you likely to do?
The person preferred what in life rather than a hectic mess?
If you put a newspaper on the floor and walk on it what is it taking the place of?
John was good at singing, usually.  But today he couldn't do it.  Why can't John sing?
Where cna you find emergency dental office services?
John is walking an aisle full of children's clothes and ahead of him he sees televisions.  What sort of store is he probably shopping at?
If you see a fox in a southern delta state, where are you?
One might procure magazines and other items here.
Seeing the desired results of doing housework left her what?
What do you normally get out to get yourself a drink?
If you're committing murder what would happen to your victim?
If you see skyscrapers outside the window of you hotel room, what kind of area are you in?
Getting only a small taste might leave you what?
An American might hike a mountain north to get to what?
What reaction would a fan have if they met their idol?
She had to comfort friend that day, she gave her a big ole what?
If you sale all seven of them you might come across an isle or two, but the one with the treasure is in just a single what?
What device with a lens would be used to see distant stars and planets?
Where do I go to pick more candy up when it's all gone?
Where are you likely to find a phone bill?
In Texas what is likely to happen after stabbing someone to death?
If someone has a strong feeling of greed and wants to make some quick money what might they try to do?
How does god want one another to treat others according to the bible?
Why would a person be happy about an accident?
What is likely to happen to a driver with an open sunroof during  rainstorm?
His hatred drove him, he rose through the ranks and eventually led the soldiers to the end game of doing what?
Where can you fast forward through advertisements?
You loose water in your body while playing sport because of what?
How can people acquire things they desire?
When you clean clothes what do you need to put in the washer?
Where can you expect to find items made of fabric that adorn one's body?
The man had worked hard to see idea become reality, seeing it work had him beaming with what?
What causes fear in skating?
Where can a human find an animal park among other attractions?
The bookshop only sold specialty items, so where should someone go for popular books?
Where should I have a map that I want to use soon?
Where would you put an electric razor to protect it from water?
It was dark and wet and only got worse the deeper they went, but they wanted to find the passageway to where the bats lived in the what?
Where can you watch information on lizards?
The monkey didn't touch the ground.  He jumped around, laughed, threw things, and had all sorts of fun, but he never left something. What did he never leave?
After stopping being married to a person you no longer love, what emotion may you experience?
When a company wants to let people know about upcoming deals and offers, what do they do?
Where might a bass move closer?
Joe wasn't prepared to wage war. He had not raised what?
How do people show appreciation after they enjoy a show?
What is someone trying to get by going to bed?
Where do nurses work with older people?
Where would bacteria be contained?
In order to read a book what must you do to it?
Where might a small dog spend a nice day?
What might understanding better what a subject is lead to?
Though the negotiation was hard, the two sides found a solution that was what?
The middle of a trip comes after the what?
Danny was meeting his friend James, but James didn't show up. James was always punctual.  As time wore on and it became clear that his friend wasn't coming, Danny began to do what?
What is likely to happen to someone who hurts someone else without regret?
Where is the most likely place for more than one stadium?
James didn't have much respect for Sarah. He spoke to her how?
Billy was opening a new Deli. He wanted to open it in a place that gets a lot of traffic.  Where might he open it?
What can children do outside but not in a small room?
Some people believe that eating a heavy meal before going to sleep at night will cause you to what?
Alaska has the most coast of any in the what?
Bill is in a large marsh in Florida, where is he?
What is someone not legal to buy alcohol?
Where would you put a ficus if you want to protect it from the rain?
The vet was concerned about all of the blood he saw, where was the blood coming from?
What happens when someone is driving their car for a long time?
where can someone get a new chess set?
What do children often do to express happiness?
The helm is the steering control for what which pulls shipping barges through bodies of water?
I need to pick up a balloon after getting some snacks and a cake, where can I get all these things at once?
If a person was getting drunk the previous night and woke up the next morning, what might they experience?
What is a negative external consequence for someone who takes part in a killing?
What are canadian players known for?
The snake was cold, what did it seek?
Usually people that sneeze will also do what?
They play violin, but can't learn others' musical pieces, what couldn't they do?
A person was finishing a test and looking frantically at the clock, what did they have to do?
If you get in a fight after getting drunk where are you likely to end up?
Upon discovering the truth unexpectedly, what did it do to the scientist?
If people have no contact with others they will experience what emotion?
John kept standing up.  He was afraid that if he were sitting down he might do something. What might he be afraid of?
The person was bored of life, what was he up to do?
She wanted to learn to needlepoint, what was he goal competency?
If you're a construction foreman and your job is to supervise others, what would your eyes been doing all day?
How might a person go somewhere?
A super ball is a popular what that children enjoy?
The teacher was trying to describe what an island was to the young children, she explained it was a piece of land surrounded by what?
The toddler thought it would be fun to try eating breakfast in bed, what resulted?
Billy wants to learn how to socialize, but he doesn't know where to start.  He calls his best friend and asks for what?
Where are you likely to find personal books?
When you got on the sleighing ride you were only headed one way, and that way was what?
Where would you go to buy a ball or bat?
Going to bed would help someone to do what?
The couple was looking to adopt, what were they looking at profiles of?
Two people were grooming each other in anticipation of a party.  Why might they be grooming?
He couldn't take the match straight to the log and hope to get warm, he first crumpled up some what?
Where should I not put these boxes if my house is likely to flood?
If you're becoming inebriated and start a fight what would the authorities do?
Where is known for a multitude of wedding chapels?
The kids were living big in the big city, the went to a nightclub on the lower east side of where?
What is a likely result of returning to work?
Where do you go to a bar?
Where would a person go if he or she wants to get a good view?
What does a human need to do before a program will exist?
What expression should you make if you're trying to make friends?
The animals were acting rabid at the sight of a bucket, why?
If proof is found of someone killing people they will likely receive a long what?
The toothbrush was given to the man for free, where did the man get it?
His addiction to drugs had affected many aspects of his life, his relationships had suffered the most what?
What is a person likely to lock at night?
As the day ended he eyed the door from his desk, work was soon over and he could leave the what?
Where in a metropolitan area would you likely find a dance club?
A woman was running around town doing her errands, what was she gathering?
Where would you put a plate after washing it?
Where is a good place to plant an apple tree you just bought?
Where must a jellyfish live?
What would a person do the day before they were supposed to perform?
The pizza crust was very broad and large in circumference, but it was crispy and what?
If you're lighting a candle to see what are you in?
Where could you get something that is made out of wool but cannot be worn?
When a person brings up marital issues while chatting with friends, what is the general feeling?
What small area is likely to have a boat?
Which location has spots where people can take their kids to play on playgrounds?
The bedroom is pretty much the only room, that's the common layout where?
When hearing music while drinking alcohol, what are people likely to do?
His bare arms were flexing as he carried the wood inside, what was the status of his grasp?
Where would be an unusual place for a harmonica?
The man spent the weekend with his girlfriend. What is he likely to have done?
What is the goal of someone planning to kill?
What could result in winning?
Talking and writing are forms of what?
Unlike young people, older people can do what?
The teacher was explaining how important it is to learn all you can, she said it can get you anywhere and is very what?
John was cleaning up and found pics from his trip to California in something old.  What did he probablt find them in?
Where are mice usually found in  house?
Where must you go for a blood transfusion?
What activity should I partake in to have fun?
Sarah rented a cabin in the woods, but it was so large and spacious that it felt more like what?
Dan found a bunch of ball bearings behind a wall when he was doing renovations.  Where might that wall have been?
What makes it possible for your bones to move?
The man lost his keys while walking in a crime-ridden area, where did he look?
Where would you put some coffee if you do not need it immediately?
What is a light source that does not require electricity?
Where would you put coins if you want to bring them with you?
What would someone be if he or she is not normal?
Where does litter end up when it's tossed from a car?
Killing will result in what kind of trial?
How would chicken be served?
What happens soon after christmas?
The trees turned color and it got cold, fall had officially taken over what?
Where would you find a shelf with toys for young people learning?
Why will breathing fresh air help you when deciding whether to do something?
Having fun with people you care about will likely cause you to do what?
He liked to write every address out on an index card, then he would sort and store them in his what?
Wrestling is a contest where two people try to pin each other to the ground.  If you are about to be pinned, what should you try to do?
Where might someone find many varieties of ficus?
Where would students go to get a higher education?
I don't have internet connection, who do I call?
What kind of leave did the manager assign all nonessential personnel?
Where does my body go after I am no longer living?
What prevents a couple from going to bed?
Why do you not earn money while you have lunch?
Billy didn't understand computers but he could work them.  This was because he could easily do what?
The man had been entertaining his whole life, being in his nineties now doing a show can lead to what?
Why would you be eating breakfast?
Thick molasses isn't what?
What does hearing someone play violin beautifully make you?
He kept calling but to no avail, what was he hoping to get?
If you're found responsible for intentionally starting a fire what will happen?
What is a place that could have hundreds of thousands of chess board?
He spent all work day at a computer, so he got a footstool for more comfort at his what?
What could have tens of thousands of paper clips?
When John flew to a new state he didn't know where any of the bars where.  He eventually found something that wasn't a bar but still served drinks. What might he have found?
John found that being in love made him higher.  He wanted to share his love with everyone, to express it.  He wanted to do what all the time.
Where could a bald eagle see for mile around?
The couple was getting divorce, they were most concerned about causing their children what?
What sort of gathering might business people attend to get updates about their industry?
What can happen after setting a cup on a table many times?
What is required for someone to win when competing against someone else in ball?
What estuary in Maryland and Virginia is known for its crab?
Why would people go into a ship?
Why do I eat just enough when eating breakfast?
A regular everyday human would just call it a meeting, but people like cardinals might call it a what?
If you there is glass in this you could possibly see dishes.
Where would you see someone typing on a keyboard?
Where do you dip a spoon into?
What does the D in DRC stand for?
Where are you if a number of athletes are wrestling?
Where is the mailbox between my house and the next block?
How does a human solve problems?
The elephant was asked to recall a number mentioned earlier, why was it asked this?
Where would you play basketball outside?
How does an investor get cash?
John's parking space was in a great position.  Where was it in relation to the building?
Where could you find insects eating something green?
John couldn't find an affordable place to stay so he decided to splurge.  He picked a place that was fancy and upscale, expensive.  Where might he be staying?
There was a lot of anger for the guilty party as the judge did what?
He was a real go getter and hard worker, he liked being in the company and had a what?
His cupboards were barren, so he had to go to work so he could what?
James is watching a film.  In the end, when the dog is shot, he finds himself doing what?
Where might sheep go to a show?
When a person is beginning work, what aren't they doing yet?
God made a platypus, what does this indicate about him?
How can someone listen to vinyl?
What does not happen to all cats?
Where do you keep a book to read before bed?
Faith can be defined as belief without what?
Where can you store stamps in your home?
Getting drunk excessively can lead to chronic what?
Joe didn't have any concern for small things.   Some people thought that he was irresponsible, but Sarah insisted he was just what?
The teen really enjoyed listening to music, it was his way of having what?
The person began exercising, what is he seeking?
Jane has a desire to learn every animal's taxonomic name on the planet, what must she do?
A human is fragile, so you should take care since you only get what?
She always made sure her infant was sleeping the right way, the articles she read had made her paranoid about what happening?
Why would someone be using computer?
The man was eating lunch but never ate reasonably sized meals, what happened as a result?
Jenny answered the phone because this was what she did for a living.   She took a message and passed it on.  It was important, about a big project.  Where might Jenny be?
Where can you get on a highway in San Diego, Omaha, and Atlanta?
Where could there be many couch, all with people sitting on them?
When a person is looking at an altar, where might they be standing?
Bill's power is out.  Where does he go to check his breaker box?
What would you need a light source to use?
A number is the usual response to what?
Seeing people play the game made Victor remember when he played the game.  He experienced something, remembering his past.  What might he have felt?
There's an obvious prerequisite to being able to watch film, and that is to what?
What might make a person stop driving to work and instead take the bus?
If you need to travel in the cold, you would be best to be what?
What do all humans want to do with other people of the opposite sex?
When you bring home fish, where could you go?
It was tradition for the team to enter what through the central passage?
Joe wants to have a relationship with someone.  He thinks that loving another will bring him what?
What could be a serious consequence of typing too much?
Where is a crowded motorway likely to be?
What will a body be doing after jogging?
Sally had a throat injury.  She can't talk because she is unable to do what?
What could stop you fron analysing?
Fabric is cut to order at what type of seller?
Where would you find a dustbin that is being used?
Where would you find many a shelf covered with food items?
What mineral is plentiful in milk and helps bone development?
She like her job at the reception desk, but didn't like her long commute, what did she likely live far away from?
What is something I need to avoid while playing ball?
Where would you find sugar in a town?
Not many have a revolving door in their private homes, they're usually found in a what?
What is the opposite of being dead?
A small dog will do well in what competition?
Where would you go to get a tuning fork you forgot?
The family TV personality was dressed as a weasel, and he began to play a what?
He though that a teakettle would be a good souvenir from his trip to merry old what?
Sam liked getting drunk.  He did it for what?
Where would you find a bottle used to feed a new human?
Where do you hang a picture?
She told her child it was okay he was that way, and that everyone is what?
The principal encourage everyone to try hard in school, what did he want them to do?
What is the goal of a younger , risky investor?
What kind of service would you want if you do not want bad service or very good service?
John suffered from mental illness, but he was in good hands.  He would have to be on drugs for the rest of his life, but they allowed it to be what?
Where are buildings likely to be small?
Where can a beaver find materials to build their dams?
A person who works 14 hours a day will have very little what?
The teacher explained why he should play piano even though he wanted to play guitar, she said it was the best introduction to what?
It turned out it wasn't a kidney stone, what might it have been a stone in?
Where are small grapes likely to be found?
If I am suffering from boredom, and I am also hungry, what should I do?
She had a vision before going to bed, what was she doing?
If you follow a road toward a river what feature are you driving through?
What is a person's goal to ownas an adult with a family?
How can you tell whether people are rich?
The stray dog never warmed up to a human again, he never got over being what?
If a person is tired how can they be refreshed?
Where would you buy alcohol from a person who will also bring things to eat?
After the bald eagle was caught, where did it spend the rest of its life?
Dan didn't like what he was seeing, so he turned the control know and flipped it to Andy.  What is the knob on?
Joe is looking for his comb, which he keeps near a mirror.  Where might he try looking for  it?
The thoroughfare ran though a place full of skyscrapers.  Where did it run through?
Bill is returning to work.   He has experienced a bad feeling and thus stayed home for a week.  What did he probably feel?
The deep ocean is dark, and diving into it is both dangerous and what?
He moved to check and accidentally said "king me", he got an odd look from his opponent since they were playing a what?
All the artist had to do was paint the lips, what would his end result be on the canvas?
Where might a bureau be in charge?
She felt the need to continue to lose weight, this was despite her already being what?
Where was there never any mammoth?
Food on what kind of transport is normally freeze dried or dehydrated?
Something that holds food or other items is called what?
What would an adult woman do to get ready for work?
James wanted to build a new strip mall, but he wanted a lot of traffic.  He decided to build it in a high density residential area.  Where might he build it?
How might someone stop being a lover?
She always wondered how safe it was to use her hair dryer straight after a hot shower, it was always so wet and steamy in the what?
What does someone likely need after finding the right shoe?
Shareholders gather in what to have meetings?
WHy do people learn?
Bob is a very creative person.  Visiting the museum gave him a lot of what?
Where is a nightclub likely to be?
The Blowfish make music for their lead, they are a what?
When spending a long time walking a dog what would you feel?
Where is the trevi fountain?
After making successfully climbing a difficult ascent you gain a sense of what?
What would you do with a sword you are holding if you do not need to use it?
Sally worked at a dentist office. She had to work late.  What might have caused her to work late?
He didn't understand the subject at first, but after studying it for a while, what did he gain?
Bald eagles naturally live where?
What is the name of the government building that houses the U.S. Congress?
The people began thanking each other, and they sealed the deal by doing what?
If a clock is ticking, what is its likely status?
What is a very common color in flowers?
Where will the stage for the students' graduation be found?
Jane bought a small dog half way through her trip while driving back home to Toronto from Mexico.   Where might she have bought the dog?
After giving assistance to a person who's lost their wallet what is customarily given?
How did the sleeping child know they were still in the process of going somewhere?
Computers have always been cutting edge technology, so they what?
What kind of furniture would you put stamps in if you want to access them often?
What is something that probably has a lot of testosterone and way too much alcohol?
Where can a person drink alcohol as they slice a steak?
What does learning about world lead to?
What is likely to be felt by someone after a kill?
The aboriginal people ended up being displaced by settlers who justified themselves with the fact that the displaced people didn't have a formal system to do what?
What does a person need to figure out when they have questions?
Hundreds of miles away a paper was signed and the conflict was over, not a single drop of blood would hit the what that day?
If you're feeling a little bit of fatigue what can you do?
May was watchign a film about turtles who fight crime.  It was a silly film, but exciting.  It gave her a great deal of what?
James went to Sarah's birthday party on the day after his father died.  He wanted her to be what?
He enjoyed attending lecture, it was his favorite way of what?
What usually happens to citizens when there is waging war?
Sally offered James Dinner but James couldn't stand the idea of having food.  What did he have?
Spending time seeing artifacts listening to museum lectures will lead to what?
What is likely the motive for serial killing?
What signals when an animal has received an injury?
If you've had a difficult work day what are you hoping to gain when buying beer?
What do police do when getting ready to work?
If you let go of a balloon where will it go?
The newspaper was his was his only connection to the outside world while doing time where?
He had eaten a lot of asparagus, when he was urinating next he was overcome with what?
If a person spends all day at their job, what are they likely doing?
The clicking away of a shorthand typewriter was doing what while hearing testimony?
The entrance hall was grandiose and had royalty inside, where was the entrance hall?
Where do a lot of people store their extra toilet paper?
James is a gardener.  That is his profession.  He gardens.  What is one thing that he cannot do in his job?
Why would you be able to wait for someone?
A dance is a great way to do what?
Where will a book being read by one person be kept?
Where is a delicatessen likely to be inside?
The weasel hit the jackpot when he discover the maze of burrows that made up what?
The crass men were talking about what they called a broad, one said he thought she was too what?
Professionally the fighters always maintained a level of respect, but personally they held each other in what for things that were said?
Where would you find a vase in a restaurant?
Sometimes playing game means losing, he wasn't good at losing though and showed lots of what?
What could you use to store a clock?
The wacky performer needed a new accordion, so he went where to get one?
What would honey be if it is not thick?
When a stressed person is breathing fresh air, what are they often looking to do?
Why do you write in a diary?
A bug was looking for wildflowers and no human interruption, where did he go?
What types of buildings typically have a column?
Where would you borrow some chairs if you do not have any?
God rested after building a lot of stuff, so what did he build?
What is the opposite of hot?
A helper monkey does what around the home of a disabled person?
The diamonds were difficult for the prospectors to find, but why is that?
The cat seemed calm around the stranger, but it was actually quite what and ready to claw?
What prevents someone from climbing?
If you aren't in a jewelry store or looking in a jewelry box where might you find a choker?
Where would you buy a can of soda along side many other items for sale?
The hot weather made me crave something cold, what did I seek?
Where in your room would you put scissors that you use all the time?
The comforter was missing from the couples' sleep the other night and they were cold, where should it have been?
They opened up their picnic basket, they began constructing their sandwiches with what meat?
When someone is searching for a place to have lunch they are trying to?
In Hollywood,  Beautiful isn't exceptional.  What is it?
What could a solicitor do to warn of upcoming litigation?
Everybody has some sort of creativity, it's the best way to what?
What might a person see at the scene of a brutal killing?
How can you find a jellyfish without coming near it?
Billy loved having food, but he didn't like the consequences of overeating.   What is the long-term consequence of having too much food?
After making contact the spy had to go somewhere to what?
James was driving away from work. He slid into the outside lane.  Up ahead he would have to do what?
If a person sees an accident, what do they generally wonder?
I live in a rural area, so where am I likely going if I drive through a turnpike?
She was hitting bottle to the point that doing what would seem like sobering up even though it wasn't?
How do you show that you are agreeing with someone?
Over-indulgence when having food can lead to what?
Who is someone competing against?
The guy ate a lunch of onions, sardines, and garlic, what did he have as a result?
If a human breaks the law, where could they be placed?
Why are cooks hired?
When birds are looking for a mate they're going to be doing what?
What are you trying to achieve when you're talking?
What can long kissing lead to?
After running twenty six miles he felt like he had lost twenty six pounds, this was from all the what?
What do you get when you analysing something new?
Where would a box office be selling tickets for something that is happening outside?
What events are typical, expected and not divine?
She celebrated her success by giving a speech, where was she?
What is a steel cable called a wire rope primarily used for?
If a person wants to take up harmonica where might they find one to get started?
What leads someone to learning about world?
If a person is trying new things, what is their goal?
What happens to a neighborhood when someone is known to be hurting someone else?
In what geological feature will you find fungus growing?
John buys a 5 pound block of salt. Where is he likely to keep it?
Where might a t-shirt be kept?
When making a list what comes after the main item?
John wants to eat at an Indian restaurant in on top of the space needle, where would he have to go?
Where do tabby cats usually like to live?
Their first kiss was ruined, his bad choice of smoking had given him what?
What are people in awe of in New York City?
The catwalk was five stories up and exposed, everybody had to wear helmets and harnesses at the where?
How does a doctor deal with suffering and death in his patients?
The writer wasn't known for them but he loved to what about nature?
Children leave home with clean clothes and then?
If you're caught buying beer for children what will happen?
The old house had a loose window, this meant the what needed a coat of paint yearly?
What do you add to you dough when making bread to make it rise?
What might happen to a person with a tumor?
If you rent a condominium in a glove-shaped state where are you?
How might a bank statement arrive at someone's house?
John wanted to keep his food fresh, she he bought something that would let him suck the air it, leaving empty space inside.   This would keep food fresh.  This item was a type of what?
Stood below the balloons and studied them closely.  As he looked to the sky, he didn't see anything holding them up.  He wondered what the balloons where?
When someone is not living anymore they?
What does a person do in a dirty kitchen?
The big match was today and those lucky enough to have tickets filled in to the what?
When one is stabbing to death another, they might look around and realize what a what they have made?
A reaching advantage will lead to what in a race?
A hurricane is similar to what other wind event?
Joe put clear tape on his glasses because he did not want to do what to his field of vision?
Where could you find a person standing next to a net?
He was really cashing in after the accident, the judge ruled he would be what in full?
Where would you go if you want to get many types of goods?
Where is likely to have a large door?
James finishes playing with his ball and left it on the floor.  His mother found it and put it somewhere that he could find it easily.  Where might she put it?
They would only allow one more in, he was unfortunately a what?
Billy enjoyed answering questions.  When all of the questioners went home he experienced what emotion?
James wanted to ruin the parade.  In order to do that, he did something in the middle of the street.  What did he do?
The excavation workers had to take extra care to stay hydrated, what landscape might they be working?
The researcher cut his hand and went to the sink, where was the researcher?
What is often the function of ice?
If you get too drunk and make a mess with your own liquids what have you likely done?
Where can you store a pie?
What can you put in a parking lot?
WHat do many people like to do at festivals?
Where are you likely to find endless shelves?
He saw that he was about an hour from Jackson after heaidng east on the de Soto bridge, where was he?
The temperature was such that one could see their breath, what was occuring?
Computers were important in John's work, but they were useless if they weren't what?
Where would you place a bed in a new house?
What do people do sometimes when they find a good deal?
What does a spider build to capture it's prey?
Where would a beauty parlor be?
The boy pondered commititng suicide, but didn't think of the consequences, what would he do should he carry though with it?
Where can a woman get birth control pills?
Sam's children are rambunctious.  What might they do?
Lance owns a vineyard.  To make grapes he needs plenty of what?
The dumb kid tried to use his student ID at the door, this obviously did not get him into the what?
If the recipe called for a potato, where could you get one along with other ingredients?
What do soldiers do when their opponents get the upper hand?
Where is a dress shirt kept?
Bob is happy that the programs he was in will be seen by millions of people.  Where will these programs be shown?
Where are gallons of beer held in one container?
The monkey was frightened because the zoo looked nothing like his home.  The plants were the same, the trees were the same, but it still wasn't right  Where did the monkey come from?
John needed to go across the country so he ordered tickets online and got into his car.  Where might he be going?
The woman called herself the Joy.  She married a man called what?
The building could accommodate many people.  The entrance hall alone was impressive, being wide enough to admit a hundred shoulder to shoulder.  But the building was owned by a billionaire and used only for his personal entertainment.  How would you describe this place?
Where do you go to see a dinosaur bone?
A garage is a type of what?
The back courtyard led to a walkout basement, where was it attached to?
When young people are bored and want to recreate, what do they do?
I am lost on a turnpike without a GPS, so what should I consult?
If you lost track of a monkey at home what is the closest place you should look first?
Why would someone close a door?
What floor do you run between rooms?
Lily bought some new clothing at the mall. She put it in her car and took it somewhere. Where might she take it?
These locker rooms are often visited by reporters.
Humans enjoy sitting while expressing themselves artistically, so what did they invent?
John thought that there was no conflict between religion and what?
What can planning vacation lead to between a couple when they disagree?
When you're telling many people about something you will need to do what to address them?
Since we aren't immortal, people should what?
Where would you find travelers that are planning to go to a different continent?
Despite this name out front you will also find beer and wine where too?
Computers with audio cards can do what?
Where can you buy a complex system?
The man was crass and rude, all the what in the office filed a complaint together?
Where are there often spiders in a house?
The person signed up for a dating website, what is he looking for?
What leads to mass death?
What do people who are collectivist do?
Lilly wanted to see every type of flower that there is.  But this is a tall order, because flowers grow all over what?
The student liked to play tennis, she frequented the tennis court on the what?
When is food never cold?
Being fat is unhealthy, one who is should probably exercise to what?
James likes listening to after a long and hard day, along with a cool bath.  He finds that it makes him what?
For a stressed out mother a baby is cutest when it is able to what?
Where is driftwood usually found in large quantities?
When black and white balls are kicked with feet what is being played?
What is often a side effect of traveling on the water?
What do I attend annually to check out the offered programs?
Where is a motorway likely to have tolls?
What would you be if you do not have work?
As the human rode in his spacecraft in orbit around his home planet, what did he have a view of?
When someone is talking a lot and being lively, they are said to be?
John cut his feet on broken glass while walking.  Where might have he been walking?
He was eating too much and the doctors warned him, what was his condition?
What could happen after you are eating lunch that affects other people?
The robot could do lots of things, but unlike a human when presented with new situations it could not what?
What did having sex as a gay man lead to twenty years ago?
While getting drunk the body can only process so much at a time, go too fast and your belly might just make you what?
Playing tennis can be a great workout, all the lateral movement really gets the whats?
The snake was very cold inside it's cage, so at the first opportunity it did what?
John thought that it was relaxing to do what?
Where may a human find peace?
A person surrounded by tools and oil cans would probably be found in a what?
Why did the police office pull the car over?
People like to watch movies to escape for a couple hours, they find them very what?
Where in your home would you store a satchel?
What could have an iron in some areas of it but not in other areas?
What do you want to do when you love something?
John wanted respect, but  Lud didn't even act like he was alive.  What was Lud doing?
What continent  has a country with a historical wall?
Out changing society meets a lot of resistance by people who like the old way of things.   But slowly, new ways gain what?
What do people do when they remember that they left their oven turned on?
Prescriptions being the specialty the store charges higher prices for most other goods, I'd be paying for convenience if I bought a hair dryer where?
The high rollers began playing poker, there were no blinds so they all did what?
What state north of alabama has many a beaver?
Where would you find people using a laser to alleviate suffering?
Why do some people choose to not own cars?
Driving to work can be monotonous, she would play her favorite music and just what along with it?
Lilly was still getting warm.  She ran her hands over John's body, he kissed her.  She couldn't think straight anymore.  Every nerve was tingling.  Nothing ever felt so right. She was experiencing what?
Where might  jellyfish stay warm?
Where can we see an elephant do tricks?
It is hard to predict a rebound in basketball, this is because the ball and rim are what?
The beaver swam through the country he symbolized, where was he likely to be?
Which group is the cover for tonight's musical program?
Where can you get a dining room table?
What could happen as a secondary result of being tired?
If a couple is having financial issues, buying products can lead to what?
If something attempted to destroy something but didn't fully succeed, then one might be able to do what to it afterwards?
Where is highly unusual to put a furnace?
What might someone store in a ring binder?
Why does grooming require careful consideration.?
Where do you put junk mail?
Billy emptied his trash can into the big dumpster.  Housekeeping was supposed to do it, but it was easy for him, and this place was cheap.  Where is Billy?
If I want to write a proper sentence, what must I make sure it is not?
After doing what he held his breathe?
He bought an apple tree to plant near Providence, where did the tree get planted?
If you're standing in line all day and someone cuts in front of you what may you feel?
The plate was an antique, where did the man buy it?
If man and mammoth wanted to meet, they would probably have to do it during when?
what is another word for getting drunk?
Where does a dog go to pee?
If you need a restroom while on the road where can you stop?
What is something that the public can go to which involves a committee?
What would happen if you are having a good time while chatting with friends?
The tool didn't fit the bolt, and the tool had a standard sizing, what was the bolt like?
You can land, claim your things, and go right to a bus stop where?
The king strolled through his back courtyard, where was near?
The salesperson had to be especially good with children, he did work where after all?
Where could you find a pebble that has been walked on?
Brother Mike escaped the collapsed mine.  Ever since, he was afraid of what?
Max looked for the onions so that he could  made a stew.  Where might he have looked?
Religion plays a big role in many lives, but the what in the room is oddly often the most preachy?
John thought that using television is different from listening to radio. How is television different from radio?
What can happen to your car if you take a corner at too high a velocity?
What can the stockholders of the company look at to see how well it's doing?
If people are told something controversial, what do they do next?
All the parents gathered in the cafeteria to watch the performance, Mark's were there to watch him play trombone in the what?
Where can a human in a large northeastern city find food?
What do most people hope to achieve when having sex?
When do people go shopping for souvenirs?
Where would have a specialty hair salon for guests?
A sloth climbs slow, but it can eventually reach all the way up where?
When someone is learning about science what happens to them?
Where south of the U.S. can you find a steak house serving Dos Equis cerveza?
The christian rock band was on a large stage, the singer's foot got caught on a wire and he had a small what?
The person took a ibuprofen after experiencing a headache, what happened to him next?
You may see a beaver when visiting what state known as "Big Sky Country"?
What kind of parents make the happiest child?
What happened when economic forces don't match a changing society?
Jane was going to the party.  She didn't care about making friends or gorging on alcohol, she just wanted to do what?
John didn't know what to get for anyone. Buying Christmas presents was stressful for him, and finishing was whaat?
Chatting with friends can be bad for your health if you join them outside while they what?
It is important to spend time in nature and sometimes get out of where?
What does kissing lead to?
My chest is swelling at the prospect of gaining more land. Why is my chest swelling?
Washing hands too often can cause what?
Where do you put a bowl after it is used?
What is usually the mood when chatting with friends?
Where might I find a history of the kingdom?
If you're in North America traveling an expressway toward the Atlantic Ocean, where are you traveling to?
What do people perform if they have a band?
What must someone go through when heading to the sky?
Billy was was going on a long vacation, but before he did he got a bite to eat.  Where might he have eaten?
where do you keep a tourniquet?
I'm naked in the snow.  I need some method of getting warm.  What mightI try?
When is good time for garlic bread?
What is writing a form of?
Must people get up and live life because they?
The big rolling machines made tons of newspapers everyday simply by getting the stories what?
Billy's disability prevented him from moving, but it didn't alter his mind or what?
The CEO's curiosity about the product got the best of her, so she decided to do what with it?
If you're caught hurting someone else, what are you likely to have?
There was a cloud or two out but overall it was very what?
If I wanted to work a crossword puzzle, where might I find one?
Two year college degrees are either an associates of science or an associates of what?
Fish comes in all varieties, many people prefer the ones than can be what?
He enjoyed to watch film a second time with director's commentary, he loved the insight and would do what intently?
What will happen to someone writing a term paper too quickly likely encounter?
John cooled the steam. What did the steam become?
What has a surface with ripples?
They all wanted to play a board game, it was retrieved from inside where?
Where might I find seating while waiting to take public transit in a major city?
What type of homes are likely to have an attic?
Something that you need to have inside of you when opening a business is a lot of?
What would someone need to do if he or she wanted to be going public?
Where might you find a chair at an office?
Where would you buy jeans in a place with a large number of indoor merchants?
John fell down the well.  he couldn't believe what he found down there. It was like something out of what?
I forgot to pay the electricity bill, now what can't I do with my ground pump?
